0	Legendary Pixel Bow
1	Legendary Pixel Soluna Blade
2	Legendary Pixel Hammer
3	Legendary Pixel Staff
4	Legendary Pixel Shield
5	A legendary bow crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels.\nIt has more than enough power to match its fancy style.
6	A legendary blade crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels.\nIt definitely bears a close resemblance to a real Soluna Blade.
7	A legendary hammer crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels.\nIts ease of use is one of its most admired qualities, especially among Humans and Elves.
8	A legendary staff crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
9	A legendary shield crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels.\nIn spite of its graphics, it's versatile enough to be used with both Light Armor and Heavy Armor setups.
10	Soldier's Field Shovel
11	Soldier's Gear Bag
12	Soldier's Field Axe
13	Soldier's Automatic Pistol
14	Soldier's Binoculars
15	A handy tool that lets you dig trenches or even attack enemies, in a pinch. It's very durable.
16	A fully-packed bag of gear that contains everything you need in battle. It's been built to be strong and sturdy in any situation.
17	A one-handed axe that can be used to remove obstacles or even for combat, in a pinch. It looks sturdy and sharp.
18	An automatic pistol whose size and recoil have been reduced to attack enemies more efficiently.
19	A pair of binoculars used to assess surrounding terrain. Makes it a cinch to spot enemies sneaking up on you.
20	Crow Knuckle
21	A knuckle that feels remarkably light. Crafted from an enchanted feather, it holds potent destructive force despite its unnaturally light heft.
22	Adventurer's Fluted Short Sword
23	A small, lightweight weapon that is great for quick attacks. It allows you to be agile during combat, and also has high ATT. (Cannot be upgraded, reforged, or enchanted)
24	Legendary Pixel Sawloona Blade
25	A legendary blade crafted with care from only the finest quality pixels.\nAt first glance, it would appear to resemble a real Soluna Blade, but...a few swings is all it will take to discover the difference. (Cannot be repaired)
26	Secret Garden Bottle
27	Secret Garden Flower Basket
28	Secret Garden Cylinder
29	Secret Garden Guard Cylinder
30	A transparent bottle in an elegant shape that was used to decorate the Secret Garden. It is filled with an unknown liquid that has a mysterious aura.
31	A flower basket decorated with flowers from the Secret Garden. The strong floral scent shows the effort that was put into making this.
32	A cylinder decorated with flowers from the Secret Garden. It can be used to fire alchemy crystals. It is delicately made and cannot be used to physically attack enemies.
33	A defensive Cylinder that was hidden in the depths of the Secret Garden. An elegant and beautiful shield is attached to the top of the cylinder, allowing you to use powerful Alchemy skills while protecting yourself, especially from magic attacks. Without a cylinder, some of your Alchemy skills will be limited.
34	Crow Sword
35	Crow Dual Gun
36	A one-handed sword that feels remarkably light. Crafted from an enchanted feather, it holds potent destructive force despite its unnaturally light heft.
37	A dual gun that feels remarkably light. Crafted from an enchanted feather, it holds potent destructive force despite its unnaturally light heft.
38	Baby Chinchilla Doll
39	Bright Conch Shell
40	A chinchilla doll wearing a Marine outfit. Getting hit with this might not hurt your body, but your pride may never recover.
41	A beautiful conch shell glimmering with all sorts of colors. You can almost hear the crashing of the waves if you hold it up to your ear. It glimmers brilliantly in the night.
42	Balloon Sword
43	A one-handed sword that remarkably feels as light as air, and with good reason. Crafted from an enchanted balloon, it holds considerable destructive power despite its unnaturally light heft.
46	Steam-Powered Ventpipe Bow
47	Steam-Powered Warrior Hammer
48	Steam-Powered Spark Staff
49	Steam-Powered Chain Blade
50	A bow with limbs made from the piping used in steam engines. The hollow center gives the pipes the proper balance of rigidity and flexibility to store and release the energy for a shot.
51	A large two-handed hammer with a massive head that appears to be its own full steam engine. Mechanically inclined fighters can release a burst of steam to add some extra oomph to even their most unrelenting strikes.
52	A staff fitted with a device that converts steam power into electrical energy, which is stored in the orb. The frequent sparks from the staff's head sends a message to foes that this isn't something to mess with.
53	A chain blade that uses a complex and powerful steam mechanism to extend and retract the chain. In theory, this allows for faster deployment and more forceful slashes than conventional systems.
54	Star-Spangled Banner
55	The flag waves from high atop the flagpole.
56	NPC Etain's Staff (Not to be Distributed)
57	Etain's staff.
58	Patterns of Power (1)
59	Patterns of Power (2)
60	Patterns of Power (3)
61	Patterns of Power (4)
62	Glyph Design Desk
63	A book about patterns imbued with magical power. Study this book to learn Glyphwrighting skills.
64	A book about patterns imbued with magical power. Study this book to increase your Glyph Lore skill from F to E.
65	A book about patterns imbued with magical power. Study this book to increase your Glyph Lore skill from E to D.
66	A book about patterns imbued with magical power. Study this book to increase your Glyph Lore skill from D to C.
67	A desk used to create Glyph Imprints.
68	Historian's Satchel
69	Quill Pen Two-Handed Sword
70	Twin Moons Replica Hammer
71	Fountain Pen Lance
72	A satchel favored by a certain historian. The various documents and scrolls scattered in the bag as well as the watch hanging from it leave quite the impression.
73	A two-handed sword in the shape of a quill pen. The feather-like blade is surprisingly sharp.
74	A hammer made to look like a replica modeled off of Eweca and Ladeca.
75	A lance made to look like a giant fountain pen. The sharpness of the nib strikes fear into the hearts of enemies.
76	Merfolk's Seaglobe
77	A mysterious seaglobe that's precious to merfolk. The mysterious coral and goldfish ornaments are beautiful. Be careful not shake it too hard.
78	NPC Enya's Staff (Not to be Distributed)
79	Enya's staff.
80	Surf 'n' Turf Windsurfing Board
81	Surf 'n' Turf Spirit Windsurfing Board
82	Surf 'n' Turf Doughnut Tube
83	Surf 'n' Turf Unicorn Tube
84	A windsurfing board that lets you slice cleanly through even the roughest of waves. It's been imbued with magic so you can even ride it on land!
85	A windsurfing board that lets you slice cleanly through even the roughest of waves. It's been imbued with magic so you can even ride it on land!
86	A tube that lets you ride out even high waves in tasty, sugary comfort. It's been imbued with magic so you can even ride it on land!
87	A tube that lets you ride out even high waves in tasty, sugary comfort. It's been imbued with magic so you can even ride it on land!
90	Etain Staff
91	A staff just like the one carried by Pontiff Etain. Its ancient power is expressed when you use it to cast magic. The head of the staff will shine as it spins!
92	Treasure Hunt L-Rod (Event)
93	Decent Treasure Hunt L-Rod (Event)
94	Perfect Treasure Hunt L-Rod (Event)
95	This treasure detector uses lights and sounds.\nThe closer the treasure, the longer the light on the L-Rod will stay lit, and the louder and more frequently its sounds will play. When the detector beeps four times in a row, there's a treasure very close by. To reveal treasures, press the shortcut button <hotkey name="UseLRod"/>, and click on the ground nearby. The Treasure Hunt L-Rod cannot find artifacts.\n(This item will be deleted upon completing the quest.)
96	This treasure detector uses lights and sounds.\nThe closer the treasure, the longer the light on the L-Rod will stay lit, and the louder and more frequently its sounds will play. When the detector beeps four times in a row, there's a treasure very close by. To reveal treasures, press the shortcut button <hotkey name="UseLRod"/>, and click on the ground nearby. The Treasure Hunt L-Rod cannot find artifacts.\n(This item will be deleted after the event ends.)
97	This treasure detector uses lights and sounds.\nThe closer the treasure, the longer the light on the L-Rod will stay lit, and the louder and more frequently its sounds will play. When the detector beeps four times in a row, there's a treasure very close by. To reveal treasures, press the shortcut button <hotkey name="UseLRod"/>, and click on the ground nearby. The Treasure Hunt L-Rod cannot find artifacts.\n(This item will be deleted after the event ends.)
98	Apple Basket
99	Queen's Disguise Handled Masque
100	Broom Staff
101	A basket filled with sweet apples. Does it contain a poisoned apple?
102	A sumptuously decorated party masque used by the Queen to conceal her true identity at masquerade balls and costume parties. Whether you will find such success depends in part on your acting ability.
103	A broom staff that would be more useful for cleaning. Getting hit with this might not hurt your body, but your pride may never recover.
104	큐트 마린 프릴 우산
105	프릴과 리본으로 장식된 고풍스러운 우산이다. 뜨거운 태양과 시원한 비를 막아줄 수 있을 듯하다.
106	Glass Candlestick
107	Flora Lantern
108	Hexagon Lantern
109	Chick Lantern
110	A simple yet elegant glass candlestick.
111	A beautifully luminous flower-themed lantern.
112	A six-sided lantern made in an appealing Eastern style.
113	A lantern fashioned in the form of a cute chick.
114	Mafia Cane
115	Mafia Dual Rifles
116	Mafia Dual Revolver
117	A walking cane that, in the right hands, can serve as an effective weapon. After all, one never knows when a respectable social affair might erupt into a spirited fracas.
118	A pair of rifles favored by members of the mafia for their compact size. For their slim profile, they offer strong firepower.
119	A pair of Revolvers favored by members of the mafia for their classic profile. It's very quick to draw and fire, which is important when one shot may be all you need.
120	Dark Divination Two-Handed Sword
121	Dark Divination Lance
122	This two-handed sword was once wielded by a leader in a dark cult. The sharp blade is imbued with a mysterious invisible energy. When sheathed, the darkness appears suppressed.
123	This lance was once wielded by a leader in a dark cult. A mysterious invisible energy circles the blade.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.
124	Dark Divination Piano
125	Dark Divination Harp
126	A piano used by the occultic leader of an order veiled in secrecy, graced with the figure of a goddess wearing a crown of thorns. While its refined ornamentation lends it a beautiful aesthetic, the music it makes has the power to seduce and bewitch others, enveloping their bodies and minds with a strange energy.\n\nYou can set up/remove the piano by right-clicking and selecting [Use].
127	A harp used by the occultic leader of an order veiled in secrecy, graced with the symbolic figure of an angel bound by thorns. Plucking its strings produces an enchanting sound, such that the longer one listens to its music, the more mesmerized one becomes.\n\nYou can set up/remove the harp by right-clicking and selecting [Use].
128	Halloween Pumpkin Lantern
129	A lantern adorned with Halloween-style pumpkins. Don't swing it around too much or the decorations will fall off.
130	Halloween Spider Bow
131	Halloween Spider Lance
132	Halloween Spider Chain Blade
133	A bow modeled after the mandibles of a spider. Its performance matches its sharp appearance and will make foes tremble.
134	A lance crafted to resemble a spider. Like any deadly arachnid, its small size hides its destructive power.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.
135	A chain blade that draws inspiration from a spider. Its chain entangles foes like a web, then slices them with its razor-sharp blades.
136	Novice Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
137	Beginner Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
138	Intermediate Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
139	Advanced Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
140	A Chain Blade modified for novices. The complexly shaped blade has increased attack damage.\n(Works with the Upgrade Stone sold at the Dungeon Guide Shop.)\n(Not eligible for Enchant Burning.)\n(Not tradable.)
141	A Chain Blade modified for beginners. The complexly shaped blade has increased attack damage.\n(Works with the Upgrade Stone sold at the Dungeon Guide Shop.)\n(Not eligible for Enchant Burning.)\n(Not tradable.)
142	A Chain Blade modified for intermediate players. The complexly shaped blade has increased attack damage.\n(Works with the Upgrade Stone sold at the Dungeon Guide Shop.)\n(Not eligible for Enchant Burning.)\n(Not tradable.)
143	A Chain Blade modified for advanced players. The complexly shaped blade has increased attack damage.\n(Works with the Upgrade Stone sold at the Dungeon Guide Shop.)\n(Not eligible for Enchant Burning.)\n(Not tradable.)
168	Blade of Blossoming Memories
169	Crossbow of Blossoming Memories
170	Tribolt Wand of Blossoming Memories
171	Cylinder of Blossoming Memories
172	Control Bar of Blossoming Memories
173	Lute of Blossoming Memories
174	Lance of Blossoming Memories
175	Knuckles of Blossoming Memories
176	Dual Guns of Blossoming Memories
177	Shuriken of Blossoming Memories
178	Chain Blade of Blossoming Memories
179	Dream Catcher of Blossoming Memories
180	A one-handed sword imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
181	A crossbow imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
182	A wand imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
183	A cylinder imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
184	A control bar imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
185	A lute imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
186	A lance imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
187	A pair of knuckles imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
188	Dual guns imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
189	A shuriken imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
190	A chain blade imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
191	A dream catcher imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
192	Black Rose Staff
193	Tray Trolley
194	Black Rose Bouquet
195	A staff decorated with the design of black roses. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
196	A wheeled contraption designed to move large amounts of food at once. The sweet scent of fruit and dessert wafts from the tray.
197	A bouquet of elegant black roses. Just carrying it around makes you feel like the epitome of dignified beauty.
198	Black Rose Bow
199	Black Rose Clutch
200	An elegant bow inspired by black roses, which are reflected in its beautiful design.
201	An elegant evening bag inspired by black roses. Holding it makes you feel like you've just stepped out of a magazine.
202	Cotton Boll Branch
203	Antique Wooden Dual Gun
204	Old Diary
205	A branch of cotton bolls that glow with a subtle light. It fits perfectly in your hand.
206	A Dual Gun with an elegant design. It is decorated with unique metal embellishments and polished wood grips.
207	An old diary that's become well-worn with use and age. The passage of time has rendered it illegible, but it can now be used as a spell book.
208	Paper Sword
209	Newspaper Tile Shuriken
210	Paper Flip Tile Shield
211	This sword was hand-crafted by an origami artisan using specially treated paper. Perfect for slaying foes with a thousand paper cuts.
212	This shuriken is made from folded newspaper. Finally you can dish out the latest news with a side of pain.
213	This shield was crafted from one of the strongest papers known to man: calendar paper. Layer upon layer of paper was folded to create a formidable bulwark.
214	Blade of Blossoming Memories
215	A one-handed sword crafted following the instructions in Blaanid's manual.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid. She may imbue it with her own memories later, so it might be wise not to enhance it too much beyond what she requested.\n(Cannot be enchanted or traded)
216	Starry Ambiance Lamp
217	A lamp containing the glow of a nighttime star. Brighten up the night sky with its warm and welcoming light.
218	다크 비숍 피아노
219	다크 비숍 하프
220	비밀에 감춰진 교단의 교주인 다크 비숍이 사용하는 피아노. 여신의 모습을 한 조각상이 가시관을 쓴 채로 장식되어 있으며, 세련된 장식들은 겉보기엔 아름답기만 한 피아노로 보인다. 이 피아노를 연주하면 사람을 홀릴듯한 아름다운 소리를 내며 알 수 없는 기운이 내 몸을 휘감는 것 같다.\n마우스 우 클릭을 하고 [사용하기]를 누르면 피아노를 설치/해제할 수 있다.
221	비밀에 감춰진 교단의 교주인 다크 비숍이 사용하는 하프. 무언가를 상징하는 듯이 가시에 얽매인 천사의 형상이 장식되어 있다. 하프를 연주하면 황홀한 소리가 나며, 계속 이 황홀한 연주를 듣고 있으면 정신이 몽롱해지고 매료되는 것 같다.\n마우스 우 클릭을 하고 [사용하기]를 누르면 하프 설치/해제할 수 있다.
222	Wanderer Backpack
223	Frost Bow
224	Frost Greatsword
225	Frostblossom Shuriken
226	The backpack of a wanderer traveling the cold winter forest. It carries various items necessary for travel.
227	A bow made from ice. It's cold to the touch.
228	A two-handed sword made from sharp ice. It's cold to the touch.
229	A shuriken made from sharp ice. It's cold to the touch.
230	Lesser Panda Rag Doll
231	Baby Kitty Rag Doll
232	Wear this adorable doll on your back. If an enemy hits you in a Shadow Mission, this doll may summon a Lesser Panda Rag Doll to assist you. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, or upgraded)
233	Wear this adorable doll on your back. If an enemy hits you in a Shadow Mission, this doll may summon a Baby Kitty Rag Doll to assist you. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, or upgraded)
234	Teaspoon Sword
235	Knife Sword
236	Fork Sword
237	Spoon Two-Handed Sword
238	A one-handed sword in the shape of a teaspoon. You can practically smell the tea leaves.
239	A one-handed sword in the shape of a dessert knife. As fancy as it is deadly.
240	A one-handed sword in the shape of a fork. Useful in combat and when eating a very large cake.
241	A two-handed sword in the shape of a spoon. The fancy rose design sets you apart as a distinguished tea enthusiast/warrior.
242	Glittering Star Fan
243	A large fan decorated with glittering stars.
244	Savvy Socialite Control Bar
245	Savvy Socialite Knuckles
246	A Control Bar with bejeweled accents.\nEven the time-honored traditions of puppetry can benefit from a touch of luxury. 
247	Knuckles studded with jewels of high hardness, designed to hit like (literally) a rock. The ornate metal has been treated so it won't tarnish over time.
248	Planet Lantern
249	A beautiful planet-themed lantern that glows even brighter at night.
250	Crescent Sword
251	Planet Chain Blade
252	A one-handed sword in the shape of a crescent. It may be fancy, but it's still deadly sharp.
253	A chain blade shaped like a morningstar with planets attached to it. The large planet at the end is sharpened for extra destruction.
254	Demolition Breaker Bow
255	Bow of Ruination
256	Demolition Deepglow Staff
257	Lord of Ruination Staff
258	Demolition Breaker Arrows
259	Arrows of Ruination
260	A bow infused with the power to demolish whatever its arrows hit. Possessing excessive power in comparison to conventional bows, one would do well to show care in handling it.
261	A bow made from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy. The act of drawing the bow also draws out that latent might, enabling a level of force far greater than its physical parameters would suggest.
262	A staff imbued with the power to amplify magic, laying waste to all its wielder wishes to destroy. Possessing far greater power than most staves, one would do well to show care in its handling. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
263	A staff fashioned from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy. Using the staff as a conduit for your magic amplifies your spells with its fell energies. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
264	Special arrows infused with the power to demolish whatever they hit.\n(Can be dyed)
265	Special arrows made from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy.\n(Can be dyed)
266	Dreamseer's Unicorn Horn
267	The beautiful horn of a unicorn. Colors seem to dance across its surface, and one can even see a glow emanating from it at night.
268	Dreamseer's Unicorn Crossbow
269	Dreamseer's Unicorn Lance
270	A crossbow created from the powerful horn of a unicorn. It shines with steadfast purity, ornamented with roses.
271	A lance created from the powerful horn of a unicorn. It shines with steadfast purity, ornamented with roses.
272	Destroyer's Blade
273	Cethlenn's Staff
274	Destroyer's Blade
275	Cethlenn's Staff
276	Graffiti Cylinder
277	Graffiti Spray Paint
278	An alchemical cylinder tagged with colorful graffiti. It can be used to fire alchemy crystals. Given how prevalent the graffiti is, you won't notice if it gets a scratch or two in battle.
279	A surprisingly heavy can of spray paint for the aspiring graffiti artist. Use Smash to spray it if you need to use a stronger attack.
280	Troubadour's Bowharp
281	Troubadour's Chalumeau Cylinder
282	Troubadour's Violin Guard Cylinder
283	A bow specially crafted for bards who sometimes stride onto the field of battle. It's strung with harp strings along the inner curve so that musicians can strum the notes of their potent songs in between well-aimed shots.
284	A cylinder specially crafted for bards who also seek to plumb the mysteries of alchemy. Designed to resemble a chalumeau, it can be used to fire alchemy crystals, though it seems like it could be blown to play a beautiful tune at any moment.
285	A defensive Cylinder specially crafted for bards who also seek to plumb the mysteries of alchemy. Designed to resemble a violin, it appears as though one could take a bow to its strings to play a beautiful tune. A beautiful shield is attached to the cylinder, allowing you to use powerful Alchemy skills while protecting yourself, especially from magical attacks. Without a cylinder, some of your Alchemy skills will be limited.
286	Swansong Wand
287	A lithe, agile wand topped with an alabaster carving of a graceful swan. It lends the bird's regal grace to the time-honored art of magic.
288	Royal Guardian Hammer
289	An ornate hammer used ceremonially by royal knights. Even under the veil of night, its glowing gems illuminate the darkness.
294	Enchanting Peacock Wine Glass
295	Peacock's Visage Handled Masque
296	Enchanting Peacock Parasol
297	Enchanting Peacock Grimoire
298	A fluted wine glass styled in a peacock motif. The metal pattern around the rim and the turquoise gemstones set in it make every sip feel all the richer.
299	An ornate masque decorated with feathers, designed to conceal one's identity at masquerade balls and costume parties. You may hide your face, but can you truly avoid drawing attention with so fine an accessory?
300	An elegant all-weather umbrella styled in a peacock motif. It's ready to shield you from scorching sun and pouring rain, and even looks fabulous folded up.
301	A mystic spell book from a distant land, styled in a peacock motif. The turquoise gem on its spine acts as a conduit for the flow of magical energies.
302	Destroyer's Blade
303	Destroyer's Blade
304	Lightning Sword
305	A one-handed sword infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
308	Merchants' Guild Abacus
309	An abacus large enough to serve as a proper bludgeon, which also has the beneficial side effect of discouraging shoplifters. Hits with all the force of local taxes!
310	로즈 템테이션 부케
311	로즈 템테이션 클러치 백
312	우아한 검은 장미를 중심으로 엮은 꽃다발. 들고 다니면 우아한 아름다움을 느낄 수 있다.
313	우아한 검은 장미를 모티브로 만든 클러치 백. 잡지에서 본 것처럼 우아하게 들 수 있다.
314	로즈 템테이션 보우
315	로즈 템테이션 스태프
316	우아한 검은 장미를 모티브로 제작한 활. 우아한 장미로 장식되어 더욱 아름답다.
317	우아한 검은 장미를 모티브로 제작한 스태프.\n3속성의 모든 마법을 사용할 수 있으며 중급 마법을 사용하기 위해 특별히 속성을 모을 필요도 없다. 스태프를 손에 쥐면 몸의 마나와 공명하게 되어 달리면서도 메디테이션을 할 수 있다.
318	Merchants' Guild Ledger Shield
319	One of the most resilient types of paper known to man--financial documents--lends this shield its strength. There's no risk of legal exposure (to your enemies) when you're hiding behind this (tax) shelter!
320	Nightbringer Assault Sword
321	Nightbringer Predator Bow
322	Nightbringer Elementalist Wand
323	Nightbringer Technician Cylinder
324	Nightbringer Trickster Control Bars
325	Nightbringer Warlord Greatsword
327	Nightbringer Inquisitor Staff
328	Nightbringer Spearhead Lance
329	Nightbringer Vagabond Knuckles
330	Nightbringer Vanquisher Dual Guns
331	Nightbringer Infiltrator Shuriken
332	Nightbringer Wraith Chain Blade
333	Nightbringer Vanguard Shield
335	Lightning Two-handed Sword
336	Lightning Bow
337	A two-handed sword infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
338	A bow infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
339	Daring Duckling Crossbow
340	Daring Duckling Banana Dual Gun
341	Not just any crossbow, this one includes a chubby duckling wearing a cute hat--mainly for moral support, but it may be concealing a few extra bolts just for you. The cloud pattern and the inner tube decoration put it in the running for the most relaxing crossbow you'll ever take into battle.
342	Not just any dual guns, this pair includes a chubby duckling wearing a cute hat--mainly for moral support, but it may be concealing a few extra rounds of ammunition just for you. Imagine a boss monster's surprise when you deal the finishing blow with...a banana.
343	Ogre Blacksmith Hammer (Monster Only)
344	(Not to be Distributed)
345	Hillwen Engineer's Atlatl
346	Hillwen Engineer's Applied Kinetics Hammer
347	A tool made to launch javelins and throwing spears with greater power than would be capable if they were thrown by hand. Made by a Hillwen Engineer, it looks quite sturdy.
348	A giant two-handed hammer fashioned from a large chunk of Hillwen Ore. Every shattering blow you strike isn't just satisfying, it's vaguely scientific!
349	A One-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
350	A Bow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
351	A Wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
352	A Cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.\nDramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
353	A Control Bar crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
354	A Two-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
356	A Staff crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
357	A Lance crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
358	A Knuckle crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
359	A Dual Gun crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve. It inflicts a powerful shock and knocks back enemies with 3 attacks.
360	A Shuriken crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
361	A Chain Blade crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
362	Nightbringer Prophet Grimoire
363	A Shield crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
364	A Spell Book crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
365	NPC Brielle's Bag (Not to be Distributed)
366	NPC Gillach's Book (Not to be Distributed)
367	NPC Brielle's Bag (Not to be Distributed)
368	NPC Gillach's Book (Not to be Distributed)
369	Eins Gardok's Scythe (Monster Only)
370	(Not to be Distributed)
371	NPC Folamh's Cane (Not to be Distributed)
372	NPC Folamh's Cane (Not to be Distributed)
373	Nightbringer Berserker (Hammer) (Not to be distributed)
374	A Two-handed Blunt Weapon crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
375	Bleugenne Viola Eau de Cologne
376	Bleugenne Viola Shoulder Bag
377	The flagship perfume of Bleugenne Viola. Even a drop creates a luxurious scent that's proven to turn heads.
378	A designer bag by Bleugenne Viola. Its simple but attractive design have made it a mainstay among the fashion-conscious.
379	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow
380	Nightbringer Berserker Greataxe
381	A Crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
382	A Two-handed Axe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
383	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
384	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness. Use them with the Nightbringer Predator Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\n\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Nightbringer Predator.
385	Dawntide Lyre
386	Dawntide Cello
387	Dawntide Chalumeau
388	Dawntide Drums
389	Dawntide Mandolin
390	Dawntide Wireless Microphone
391	A lyre inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the mermaid's tail and elegant clamshell styling. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and play, your music will resound over the crashing of the waves.
392	A cello inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the delicate sand texture and the starfish and seashell accents. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and play, your music will resound over the crashing of the waves.
393	A chalumeau inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the elegant star-shaped accents. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and play, your music will resound over the crashing of the waves.
394	A drum set inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the shapes of the waves, seashells, and starfish decorating its surface. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and play, your beat will resound over the crashing of the waves.
395	A mandolin inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the shapes of the waves, seashells, and starfish decorating its surface. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and play, your music will resound over the crashing of the waves.
396	A wireless microphone inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in the wave-shaped decoration. If you stand on the shore at daybreak and sing, your voice will resound over the crashing of the waves. Your neighbors may ask you to pipe down, but pay them no mind. Sing!
397	Tidal Guardian Trident
398	A trident carried into battle by the guardians who safeguard the seas. Its three sharpened prongs give it thrice the chance to skewer foes.
399	Royal Mage Staff
400	Royal Mage Cane
401	A special staff presented to Royal Mages who have been recognized for distinguished service to the kingdom. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
402	A special cane-shaped weapon that represents the Royal Mages. This rapier-type weapon is imbued with arcane power, allowing you to attack in unexpected situations.
403	Incubus King's Chain Blade
404	A chain blade modeled after the Incubus King's personal armament. Its unique appearance and detailed mechanisms show a commitment to craftsmanship that would surely flatter the maker of the original.
405	레트로 전설의 태양과 달의 검
406	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 검.\n마치 태양과 달의 검처럼 생겼다.
407	Tidal Guardian Shield
408	A shield carried into battle by the guardians who safeguard the seas. The wave symbol upon its surface serves as a proud representation of what its bearer fights to protect.
409	Dawntide Fishing Rod
410	A fishing rod inspired by the sight of the sun rising over the sea. The oceanic motif shines through in its playful dolphin decorations. This fishing pole is renowned for its ability to reel in items rather than fish, and when used by a reasonably skilled angler, will reel in fish and scrolls at the same rate as other fishing rods while being twice as likely to reel in items. Only usable by those with a Fishing skill of at least Rank 5. Must be equipped with a bait tin.
411	Shining Stage Lightstick
412	Shining Stage Selfie Stick
413	A deluxe lightstick that can glow in a rainbow of fancy colors. Wave it in time with the music to cheer on your favorite idol singer!
414	A selfie stick designed to catch that perfect picture of yourself--the most photogenic subject around. Equipping it allows your to strike a special pose.
415	Bodacious Party Teddy Bear
416	Bodacious Party Teddy Bear (Large)
417	A teddy bear that's totally hip with it. Or so it thinks, with its head full of neon fluff. When you take it with you on your adventures, you feel as though you're sliding through a candy-colored dreamscape.
418	A large teddy bear that's totally hip with it. Or so it thinks, with its head full of neon fluff. When you take it with you on your adventures, you feel as though you're sliding through a candy-colored dreamscape.
419	Lightning Staff
420	A special staff presented to Royal Mages who have been recognized for distinguished service to the kingdom. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
421	Cherished Bunny Doll
422	Charming Bunny Doll
423	Cherished Little Miss Doll
424	Cherished Teddy Bear
425	Charming Teddy Bear
426	Beloved Teddy Bear
427	Beloved Bunny Doll
428	This floppy-eared bunny doll stirs feelings of warmth and fondness in those who hold it. Though timid at heart, it will gladly accompany you on your journeys.
429	This floppy-eared bunny doll stirs feelings of warmth and fondness in those who hold it. Though timid at heart, it will gladly accompany you on your journeys.
430	This cute doll is a veteran of many a tea party and is acquainted with more than a few princesses. In spite of her prim and proper appearance, she welcomes your affection and will gladly accompany you on your journeys.
431	This teddy bear stirs feelings of warmth and caring in those who hold it. It seems to welcome big hugs, and will gladly accompany you on your journeys.
432	This teddy bear stirs feelings of warmth and caring in those who hold it. It seems to welcome big hugs, and will gladly accompany you on your journeys.
433	A well-loved teddy bear from your childhood. Though your adventures together have left it a bit threadbare in places, thinking of those heartfelt times makes its presence all the more comforting.
434	A well-loved bunny doll from your childhood. Though your adventures together have left it a bit threadbare in places, thinking of those heartfelt times makes its presence all the more comforting.
435	Moonlight Hunter's Silvered Blade
436	Moonlight Hunter's Crossbow
437	Moonlight Hunter's Dread Cleaver
438	Moonlight Hunter's Dual Carbines
439	Moonlight Hunter's Chain Blade
440	A one-handed sword tempered with pure silver, used by Moonlight Hunters in their battles against the servants of darkness. It seems to exude an air of nobility.
441	A powerful crossbow capable of loosing envenomed or silver-tipped bolts, used by Moonlight Hunters in their battles against the servants of darkness. It seems to exude an air of prudence.
442	A two-handed axe capable of cleaving through even thick bone with little resistance, used by Moonlight Hunters in their battles against the servants of darkness. It seems to exude an air of fortitude.
443	A large pair of dual guns that can loose bullets with enough force to stop even frenzied beasts in their tracks, used by Moonlight Hunters in their battles against the servants of darkness. They seem to exude an air of remorselessness.
444	A blackened chain blade that can lash foes while remaining out of range of their teeth and claws, used by Moonlight Hunters in their battles against the servants of darkness. It seems to exude an air of temperance.
445	Brielle's Bag
446	A bag like the one Brielle carries as she travels around Erinn. She claims it also makes a serviceable bludgeon in a pinch.
447	Blessed Ornament Atlatl
449	Blessed Ornament Lance
450	Blessed Ornament Shuriken
451	An atlatl that was molded into a festive shape. It may look cute but the tip is still sharp.
453	A lance decorated with cute ornaments. It has been granted special powers and shines with a sacred light.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.
454	A shuriken that is reminiscent of a snowflake. It's decorated with a cute ribbon and the blades shine with a sacred light.
457	Blessed Ornament Cylinder
458	A cylinder shaped like a cute snowman. Although it looks like a cute toy, it'll still blow you away.
459	Snowglobe Wand
460	Snowglobe Shuriken
461	A beautiful wand with a snowglobe attached. It's filled with the pure, frigid beauty of a winter's day.
462	A shuriken that looks like an elegant snowflake. While lovely to look at, it's freezing cold to the touch.
463	Small Draconian Two-handed Sword
464	Small Draconian Lance
465	A two-handed sword that has the energy of the noble draconians. The exquisite pattern on the blade is eye catching.
466	A lance that has the energy of the noble draconians. The sharp looking appearance and exquisite decorations are eye catching.
467	Iced Cup o' Joe
468	A refreshing cup of coffee with ice. Stop whatever you are doing and enjoy the moment.
469	Lovely Pan Bag
470	Lovely Pan Scooter
471	A bag made in the shape of Pan's face. It seems perfectly suited for carrying small belongings.
472	A scooter decorated with Pan's face. Use it to move with reason, and can also be swung.
473	Glass Trim Mirror
474	A beautiful mirror with eye-catching, fancy decorations. Equipping it allows you to strike a special pose.
477	Guardian of the Divine Beast Bow
478	Guardian of the Divine Beast Dual Gun
479	Bow with the magical energy of the Divine Beast. You can feel the traces of the Guardian, who stood by the Divine Beast for a long period of time.
480	Dual Gun with the magical energy of the Divine Beast. You can feel the traces of the Guardian, who stood by the Divine Beast for a long period of time.
481	Glass Trim Bouquet
482	A beautiful bouquet decorated with elaborate glass flowers. Equipping it allows you to strike a special pose.
483	Fragrant Flower
484	A beautiful pink flower that gives off a subtle, sweet aroma.
485	Casual Tech Chic Hoverboard
486	This state-of-the-art hoverboard will let you zip around silently and avoid leaving behind footprints. It's an important tool for top-secret missions.
487	Nobles' Heirloom Knuckles
488	Nobles' Heirloom Guard Cylinder
489	A pair of knuckles possessed of first-rate elegance and class. Their intricate metalwork, inlaid with gemstones, can turn even a street brawl into a high-class exchange of fisticuffs.
490	A defensive Cylinder meticulously crafted for nobles who dabble in alchemical pursuits. A shield is attached to the top of the cylinder, allowing the user to perform powerful Alchemy skills with some measure of protection, especially from magic attacks. Without a cylinder, some of your Alchemy skills will be limited.
491	Small Ice Pillar
492	A pillar of ice that has fallen from an icy ceiling. Anyone can easily use it as a weapon. It's known to inflict fatal wounds, especially on Wendigo. (Not available for repair)
493	Balloon Staff
494	Balloon Lance
495	Balloon Shuriken
496	Balloon Guard Cylinder
497	A staff that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
498	A lance that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
499	A shuriken that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
500	A guard cylinder that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
501	Inquisitor's Decree Scroll
502	Sacred Glow Censer
503	Sacred Glow Holy Water
504	A scroll that contains orders and decrees written by high-ranking inquisitors. It's said that if it is read by an enemy, the text will burn off.
505	A censer that gives off a sacred glow. The scent is divine.
506	Holy water that gives off a sacred glow. It's as pure as the finest crystal.
507	Glittering Fairy Wing Fan
508	Fairy Bubble Blower
509	A big fan designed to resemble a fairy's wings. The glimmering sparkles capture the attention of fae and humans alike.
510	A wand for blowing bubbles that has been enchanted to scatter fairy dust instead. You'll find the sparkles everywhere on your clothes and in your hair--likely just as the fairies intended.
511	Casual Tech Chic Dual Guns
512	Casual Tech Chic Messenger Bag
513	Dual Guns decked out with all the most advanced technology. You'll find them essential to complete top-secret missions.
514	This Messenger Bag is made out of steel-infused fibers, making it resistant to all kinds of dangers. It will keep your most important equipment safe on a top-secret mission.
515	Sly Serpent Cane
516	Sly Serpent Chalice
517	Sly Serpent Clutch
518	A cane for those who know that beauty and deadliness are two sides of a coin. Topped with a fearsome gold cobra's head, it projects an aura of unapproachability.
519	A chalice for those who know that beauty and deadliness are two sides of a coin. Take a sip; the venom within cannot touch one with the spirit of a viper.
520	A clutch for those who know that beauty and deadliness are two sides of a coin. Any schemes contained within are safe behind snakeskin.
521	향기로운 꽃송이
522	아일린을 만난 계절의 꽃. 따스한 아일린의 미소가 떠오르는 분홍빛 벚꽃이다. 아일린을 만났던 계절의 기억을 떠올릴 수 있을 것 같다.
525	Fairytale Gardener's Half-Scissor
526	Fairytale Gardener's Hedge Shears
527	Sturdy scissors used by gardeners to trim flowers and other plants. With its other half detached, the full edge of the blade can be brought to bear.
528	A pair of heavy-duty shears used by gardeners to trim trees, large shrubs, and hedgerows. They take two hands to properly control, but can cut through surprisingly thick objects.
529	Tropical Cocktail
530	A cold tropical drink is the perfect thing for a hot summer day. No day at sea is complete without one.
545	Queen of Hearts Staff
546	A two-handed staff which was once used by the Queen of Hearts. While it was intended to aid in casting magic, it's also sturdy and solid, and taking a blow from it is sure to hurt.
547	새벽녘 파도의 리라
548	새벽녘 파도의 첼로
549	새벽녘 파도의 샬루모
550	새벽녘 파도의 드럼
551	새벽녘 파도의 만돌린
552	새벽녘 파도의 무선 마이크
553	새벽녘 파도의 리라
554	새벽녘 파도의 첼로
555	새벽녘 파도의 샬루모
556	새벽녘 파도의 드럼
557	새벽녘 파도의 만돌린
558	새벽녘 파도의 무선 마이크
559	파도 수호자의 삼지창
560	파도 수호자의 방패
561	새벽녘 파도의 낚싯대
562	새벽녘 파도의 낚싯대
563	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 리라. 인어의 꼬리를 형상화한 외형과 우아한 조개 장식으로 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 물거품 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
564	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 첼로. 고운 입자의 모래와 힘찬 파도를 형상화한 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 사랑스러운 불가사리와 조개로 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
565	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 샬루모. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 세련된 별장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
566	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 드럼. 파도를 고스란히 담아놓은 듯한 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 귀여운 조개와 불가사리 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
567	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 만돌린. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 귀여운 조개와 불가사리 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
568	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 무선 마이크. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 노래를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.
569	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 리라. 인어의 꼬리를 형상화한 외형과 우아한 조개 장식으로 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 물거품 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
570	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 첼로. 고운 입자의 모래와 힘찬 파도를 형상화한 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 사랑스러운 불가사리와 조개로 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
571	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 샬루모. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 세련된 별장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
572	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 드럼. 파도를 고스란히 담아놓은 듯한 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 귀여운 조개와 불가사리 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
573	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 만돌린. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있으며, 귀여운 조개와 불가사리 장식을 더해 사랑스러움도 놓치지 않았다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 연주를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
574	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 무선 마이크. 힘찬 파도의 물결을 본따 만든 외형에서 바다의 신비로움을 느낄 수 있다. 고요한 새벽녘 해변에 앉아 노래를 시작하면, 바다 위로 울려퍼지는 아름다운 음색을 감상할 수 있다.(거래불가)
575	아름다운 파도를 수호하는 수호자가 사용하던 삼지창. 매서운 창날이 거센 폭풍우를 연상시킨다.
576	아름다운 파도를 수호하는 수호자가 사용하던 방패. 아름다운 파도 문양이 돋보인다.
577	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 낚싯대. 귀여운 돌고래로 장식되어 있다. 물고기보다 아이템을 더 잘 낚는 신비한 낚싯대로, 이것을 사용하면 물고기나 스크롤을 낚을 확률은 비슷하지만, 아이템을 낚을 확률은 두 배가 된다. 낚시 스킬이 5랭크 이상이어야 사용할 수 있다. 낚시를 하려면 미끼통과 함께 장비해야 한다.
578	새벽녘의 아름다운 파도에서 영감을 받아 디자인된 낚싯대. 귀여운 돌고래로 장식되어 있다. 물고기보다 아이템을 더 잘 낚는 신비한 낚싯대로, 이것을 사용하면 물고기나 스크롤을 낚을 확률은 비슷하지만, 아이템을 낚을 확률은 두 배가 된다. 낚시 스킬이 5랭크 이상이어야 사용할 수 있다. 낚시를 하려면 미끼통과 함께 장비해야 한다.(거래불가)
579	Balloon Staff
580	Balloon Lance
581	Balloon Shuriken
582	A staff that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
583	A lance that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
584	A shuriken that, remarkably, feels as light as air--and with good reason! Fashioned from an enchanted balloon, it boasts a surprising stiffness in spite of its featherweight heft.
585	Dual Vintage Ray Guns
586	A pair of guns that look like they were taken straight from an old sci-fi movie. No need for bullets when you can shoot mysterious rays! You can provide the "woo-woo-woo" sound effects yourself, if desired.
587	Star Canopy Umbrella
588	An umbrella that calls to mind the beautiful stars and nebulae of space. If you use it at night, you can bask in its gentle glow.
589	Secret Forest Wildflower Two-handed Sword
590	A two-handed sword inexplicably made up of beautiful wildflowers plucked from the fertile soil of a mysterious glade. Your foes will surely agree that this is the most pleasant-smelling beating they've received.
591	Ravenscall Pinion Blade
592	Ravenscall Talon Knuckles
593	A one-handed sword imbued with the grim aura of the ravens who descend in the wake of battles to feast upon the slain. With a look that bespeaks a charismatic mystique, you're sure to command the attention of allies and foes alike.
594	A pair of knuckles imbued with the grim aura of the ravens who descend in the wake of battles to feast upon the slain. With a look that bespeaks an indomitable mystique, you're sure to command the attention of allies and foes alike.
595	블루젠 바이올라 오드 코롱
596	블루젠 바이올라 숄더 백
597	블루젠 브랜드의 대표적인 향수. 은은한 향기가 매혹적으로 다가온다.(거래 불가)
598	블루젠 브랜드의 대표적인 가방. 깔끔하고 매력적인 디자인으로 인기가 많다.(거래 불가)
599	Regal Retreat Newspaper
600	Regal Retreat Hat Box
601	A newspaper of the sort any good high-class establishment provides their guests. Still one of the best ways to glean the latest news.
602	A sturdy hat box designed to help keep your precious headwear safe during travel. Its light, sturdy design has made these popular among the well-to-do.
603	Secret Forest Wildflower Two-handed Sword
604	A two-handed sword inexplicably made up of beautiful wildflowers plucked from the fertile soil of a mysterious glade. Your foes will surely agree that this is the most pleasant-smelling beating they've received.
605	Dark Lord Cane
606	Angelic Saint Staff
607	An ink-black rod held by the ruler of the endless abyss.
608	A platinum-winged staff held by a saint blessed by angels.
609	NPC Eochaid's Staff
610	The staff that Eochaid usually carries with him, capable of casting all three types of elemental magic. It greatly amplifies the wielder's magical power by accumulating the residual mana left from all the spells cast by its bearer.
611	NPC Cowenna's Sword
612	Cowenna's personal blade. Stalwartly unbroken, but not for lack of force.
613	Marvelous Merch Cart
614	Lemonade Cart
615	Shorebreak Surfboard
616	A cart full of whimsical merchandise to peddle as you move from place to place. There's sure to be something that'll catch your eye!
617	A cart designed to provide the entire lemonade experience, from fresh-picked lemons to ice-cold glasses. Deliver refined refreshment, every time.
618	A surfboard that bears the image of waves washing over a sandy beach. It has been enchanted with magic that allows it to be used even on land.
625	Secret Forest Wildflower Two-handed Sword
626	A two-handed sword inexplicably made up of beautiful wildflowers plucked from the fertile soil of a mysterious glade. Your foes will surely agree that this is the most pleasant-smelling beating they've received. (Not tradable)
627	Striped Inflatable Life Raft 
628	A striped inflatable life raft that can be rowed through the water. It's light, compact, and durable. It's a good idea to keep one around for safety.
629	Inflatable Life Raft with Insignia
630	An inflatable life raft, marked with an insignia, that can be rowed through the water. It's light, compact, and durable. It's a good idea to keep one around for safety.
633	Eternal Resistance Two-Handed Sword
634	Eternal Resistance Knuckles
635	A two-handed sword crafted with the latest developments in bio-alloys. This sword is strong enough to slice through any metal plating. It transforms when you enter combat mode.
636	A pair of knuckles crafted with the latest developments in bio-alloys. These knuckles will allow you to go toe-to-toe with robots of any size, armed with just your fists. They transform when you enter combat mode.
637	Folamh's Staff
638	A staff that Folamh uses. It is said that he summoned it with magic to compliment the aura of his outfit.
639	Seashell Plushie
640	Beluga Whale Plushie
641	Dumbo Octopus Plushie
642	A cute seashell plushie inspired by the charm of coral reef dwellers. Hugging it fills both hands with plush joy.
643	A cute beluga plushie inspired by the majesty of open ocean dwellers. Hugging it fills both hands with plush joy.
644	A cute dumbo octopus plushie inspired by the mystery of deep sea dwellers. Hugging it fills both hands with plush joy.
645	Large Flamingo Inner Tube
646	Large Rainbow Inner Tube
647	A large inner tube shaped like a flamingo. Perfect for a relaxing day at the beach.
648	A large inner tube decorated like a rainbow. Perfect for a relaxing day at the beach.
651	펄 오이스터 쿠션
652	깊은 바닷속 신비로움을 간직한 귀여운 펄 오이스터 쿠션. 양손 가득 안기는 귀여운 쿠션이 매력적이다.
653	Eternal Resistance Bow
654	Eternal Resistance Dual Guns
655	A bow crafted with the latest developments in bio-alloys. With this bow and a little determination, you can defeat villains from any universe. It transforms when you enter combat mode.
656	A pair of dual guns crafted with the latest developments in bio-alloys. The unique firing mechanism allows these guns to be used even in the vacuum of space. They transform when you enter combat mode.
657	Baby Bunny Doll
658	A bunny puppet wearing a raspberry hat. Getting hit with this might not hurt your body, but your pride may never recover.
659	Classic Broom
660	Classic Tea Set
661	This broom makes it a breeze to keep dirt out of long marble hallways and plush rugs. Sweep as much as you like--the bristles will stay perfectly in place.
662	The Classic Tea Set includes everything necessary to properly serve a high tea. The pattern on the porcelain has a long history.
663	Bleugenne Cosmetics Compact
664	The iconic compact by Bleugenne Cosmetics. With Bleugenne in your pocket, you can stay flawless in any situation.
665	Sestia Academy Kitty Plushie
666	Piat Sestia Academy Kitty Plushie
667	Sestia Academy Bunny Plushie
668	Piat Sestia Academy Bunny Plushie
669	Sestia Academy Puppy Plushie
670	Piat Sestia Academy Puppy Plushie
671	This adorable kitty plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
672	This adorable kitty plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
673	This adorable bunny plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
674	This adorable bunny plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
675	This adorable puppy plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
676	This adorable puppy plushie is the perfect size to hug with both arms, and fills you with feelings of safety and warmth. It's a perfect companion for students on a journey for knowledge, as well as anyone else who could use a hug.
677	Lucent Neon Wand
678	Lucent Neon Mandolin
679	A glowing wand that appears to be made of solid light, with a surface translucent enough to see through. Jazz up your spells with a swish and a flick of this luminous light-stick.
680	A glowing mandolin that appears to be made of solid light, with a surface translucent enough to see through. No need to bring fancy pyrotechnics to your performances--with this instrument, you're all the show anyone could ever need.
681	Dark Moon Shuriken
682	Dark Moon Chain Blade
683	Dark Moon Guard Cylinder
684	A shuriken with a mysterious quality, like the essence of the waning moon. The refined metallic ornamentation on its moon-shaped silhouette captures the eye.
685	A chain blade with a mysterious quality, like the essence of the waning moon. The sharp, moon-shaped blade oozes power.
686	A defensive Cylinder with a mysterious quality, like the essence of the waning moon. The refined metallic ornamentation on its moon-shaped silhouette captures the eye. It specializes in defending against magic attacks. Without a cylinder, some of your Alchemy skills will be limited.
689	레트로 전설의 태양과 달의 검
690	레트로 전설의 대양과 담의 검
691	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 검.\n마치 태양과 달의 검처럼 생겼다.(개조 불가 / 모션 카드 적용 불가 / 정령 불가)
692	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 검.\n얼핏 보면 태양과 달의 검처럼 보이지만, 성능은 전혀 다르다. (수리 불가 / 개조 불가 / 모션 카드 적용 불가 / 외형 주문서 사용 불가 / 염색 불가 / 정령 불가)
695	레트로 전설의 태양과 달의 검
696	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 검.\n마치 태양과 달의 검처럼 생겼다.
697	레트로 전설의 망치
698	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 망치.\n인간과 엘프도 휘두를 수 있는 손쉬운 사용성도 장점이다.
699	레트로 전설의 활
700	레트로 전설의 지팡이
701	레트로 전설의 방패
702	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 활.\n화려한 겉모습에 어울리는 성능을 가졌다.
703	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 지팡이.\n3속성의 모든 마법을 사용할 수 있으며 중급 마법을 사용하기 위해 특별히 속성을 모을 필요도 없다.\n지팡이를 손에 쥐면 몸의 마나와 공명하게 되어 달리면서도 메디테이션을 할 수 있다.
704	도트 그래픽이 돋보이는 전설의 방패.\n경갑옷에서 중갑옷까지 유용하게 사용할 수 있다.
705	Bleugenne Cosmetics Piano
706	Bleugenne Cosmetics Harp
707	Bleugenne Cosmetics Mandolin
708	A piano designed in collaboration with BLEUGENNE by Bleugenne Cosmetics. Lavishly decorated with flowers and a real working fountain. The piano has a lovely, colorful tone, and melodies played on it are enhanced by the subtle sounds of the fountain. Listeners cannot help but feel reinvigorated when they hear its music.\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the piano.
709	A harp designed in collaboration with BLEUGENNE by Bleugenne Cosmetics. An interview with the designer revealed that the wings and the branches are meant to symbolize the melody reaching from the earth to the heavens. With a clear, pure tone, listeners cannot help but feel relaxed when they hear its music.\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the harp.
710	A mandolin designed in collaboration with BLEUGENNE by Bleugenne Cosmetics. Lavishly decorated with gems and filigree, this mandolin reintroduces classic elegance to a classic instrument. With a lively, energetic tone, listeners cannot help but want to dance when they hear its music.
711	Midnight Investigator Sword
712	Midnight Investigator Cylinder
713	Midnight Investigator Staff
714	Midnight Investigator Knuckle
715	Midnight Investigator Guard Cylinder
716	A one-handed sword issued to an investigator for the underworld. The intricate inlay and feather detailing evoke the depths of night.
717	A cylinder issued to an investigator for the underworld. The intricate inlay and feather detailing evoke the depths of night.
718	A staff issued to an investigator for the underworld. The celestial decorations and feather detailing evoke the depths of night.
719	Knuckles issued to an investigator for the underworld. The talon-like shape and feather detailing evoke the depths of night.
720	A guard cylinder issued to an investigator for the underworld. The intricate inlay and feather detailing evoke the depths of night.
721	Starblaze Fishing Rod
722	Bellflower Fishing Rod
723	A fishing rod imbued with the heat and power of a blazing star. You'd think that it would roast your fish for you, but alas, you still have to cook them. This fishing rod is better at catching items than fish, so the chance of catching a fish or a scroll is the same as usual, but the chance of catching an item is doubled. Your Fishing Skill must be at least Rank 5 to use it.\nTo fish, you must also equip a bait tin.
724	A graceful rod formed from the supple stalks of summer wildflowers picked as a beautiful bouquet for your beloved. This fishing rod is better at catching items than fish, so the chance of catching a fish or a scroll is the same as usual, but the chance of catching an item is doubled. Your Fishing Skill must be at least Rank 5 to use it.\nTo fish, you must also equip a bait tin.
725	Imperial Knight Short Blade
726	Imperial Knight Rapier
727	Imperial Knight Long Blade
728	Imperial Knight Staff
729	A short blade issued to only the most honorable and trusted knights. Its appearance has become a symbol of authority and honor.
730	A rapier issued to only the most honorable and trusted knights. Its special decoration marks you as a cut above the rest.
731	A long blade issued to only the most honorable and trusted knights. The symbol on the handle marks you as trustworthy in a crisis.
732	A staff issued to only the most honorable and trusted knights. The decorations contain symbols of strength and duty.
733	Raving Rabbit Crossbow
734	Raving Rabbit Shuriken
735	Raving Rabbit Chain Blade
736	A crossbow designed by members of the Raving Rabbit crew. Those who underestimate it because of the cute rabbit motif will be all the more surprised at the power it's packing.
737	A shuriken designed by members of the Raving Rabbit crew. The rabbit flourishes may give it a whimsical appearance, but it's still capable of carnage in the right hands.
738	A chain blade designed by members of the Raving Rabbit crew. The rabbit-ear design makes it somehow even more spiky--excellent for putting the hurt on enemies.
739	Candy Cane Wand
740	A sweet and jolly wand that looks like a candy cane. When you use it, your magic may smell like peppermint.
741	글래시 트리밍 레이피어
742	유리 가시와 같이 날카로움을 가지고 있는 레이피어. 크리스탈과 값비싼 보석으로 된 장식이 돋보인다.
743	Carrot Pillow
744	A cute pillow that looks like a healthy orange carrot. Hugging it fills both hands with plush joy.
771	Blooming Romance Toy Hammer
772	A hammer decorated with romantic flowers and ribbons. Despite being intended as a toy, it can unleash great destructive force if wielded correctly. Its sweet look will have your friends heart-eyed, and your enemies seeing stars.
773	Wandering Troupe Lyre
774	Wandering Troupe Lute
775	Wandering Troupe Electric Guitar
776	Wandering Troupe Violin
777	Wandering Troupe Mandolin
778	Wandering Troupe Chalumeau
779	A troupe member's beloved lyre. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
780	A troupe member's cherished lute. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
781	A troupe member's treasured electric guitar. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
782	A troupe member's beloved violin. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
783	A troupe member's cherished mandolin. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
784	A troupe member's treasured chalumeau. From its lavishly painted decorations to its bright and vibrant tone, it's created to bring any song to life.
785	Blooming Romance Ladeca Bow
786	A bow with all the romance of a Ladeca-lit night. Let the light of your miniature Ladeca give you the courage to shoot from the moon, and the sweet scent of flowers remind you of the one you love.
787	Sorbet Wedding Bouquet
788	An elegant wedding bouquet, made to celebrate love on your wedding day. The scent of the fresh flowers and greenery will bring to mind happiness from this day onward.
789	Moonshadow Emissary's Netherblade
790	Duskveil Emissary's Netherblade
791	Not used
792	Not used
793	Moonshadow Emissary's Folding Fan
794	Duskveil Emissary's Lantern
795	A long, sweeping blade sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. It's one thing to brandish such a massive sword, but quite another to display true mastery with it.
796	A long, sweeping blade sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. It's one thing to brandish such a massive sword, but quite another to display true mastery with it.
797	Not used
798	Not used
799	A folding fan favored by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. Sturdy enough to turn aside a blade, yet elegant enough for the courts of the netherworld.
800	A globular paper lantern favored by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. Casts a soft glow all around that lights the way beyond the shadows of the mortal world.
801	Iced Latte (To Go)
802	A refreshing iced latte, ready to energize you for whatever your day has in store. The creamy milk mingled with the fragrance of the coffee has a unique power to calm the nerves, even as you're dashing out the door five minutes late.
807	Wild West Gunslinger Knuckles
808	Wild West Gunslinger Dual Guns
809	Knuckles decorated with a bull skull, complete with solid iron horns. They're as eye-catching as they are dangerous.
810	A pair of rifles, one for each hand, for the gunslinger who never lets practicality get in the way of style. They're surprisingly light and usable.
811	Eternal Resistance Replica Sniper Rifle
812	Revolutionary Resistance Replica Sniper Rifle
813	Eternal Resistance Gatling Guns
814	Revolutionary Resistance Gatling Guns
815	A replica of the sniper rifle of a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. Since it's a replica, it can't actually fire bullets, but it packs a punch if you swing it at someone.
816	A replica of the sniper rifle of a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. Since it's a replica, it can't actually fire bullets, but it packs a punch if you swing it at someone.
817	A pair of Gatling guns which were once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. They are a reliable aid for anyone who fights for justice.
818	A pair of Gatling guns which were once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. They are a reliable aid for anyone who fights for justice.
821	Forgotten Nightmare Sword
822	A beautiful one-handed sword possessed of a mysterious aura. Crafted by an unknown artisan, its blade fairly hums with destructive energy when swung.
823	Star Cushion
824	An adorable star-shaped pillow. It's soft and comforting, and just the right size to hug with both arms.
825	Subtle Cintamani
826	Dragon's Broken Sword
827	An orb that holds the echoes of an ancient dragon's power. The sense of majesty and nobility you feel when touching it could bring anyone to tears.
828	Although this sword is broken, an uncanny energy completes the blade with a deadly sting. Legend has it that the dragon that broke this sword bled a single drop of blood onto it, infusing it with the dragon's own power.
829	Ewan's Shoe (Right) (Not to be Distributed)
830	Ewan's Shoe (Left) (Not to be Distributed)
831	Long ago, when Ewan was a young boy and Nari a young girl, Ewan gave Nari this shoe.
832	Long ago, when Ewan was a young boy and Nari a young girl, Ewan gave Nari this shoe.
833	Moonshadow Emissary's Scythe
834	Duskveil Emissary's Scythe
835	A great scythe sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. While the Moonshadow Emissaries are not held to be reapers of souls, few would dispute their effectiveness in such a role, especially when wielding such an imposing weapon.
836	A great scythe sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. While the netherworld's emissaries are not held to be reapers of souls, few would dispute their effectiveness in such a role, especially when wielding such an imposing weapon.
837	Elegant Riding Crop
838	Enigmatic Quill
839	A beautiful riding crop suitable for all equestrian pursuits. Though intended for horseback riding, getting hit with it really stings. But if you're into that...
840	An enchanted quill pen that leaves behind a flowing, luminescent script when tracing through the air. Novel yet mysterious, it's the sort of magical curio beloved by scholars and socialites alike.
841	Floral Flourish Rapier
842	A rapier whose hilt is entwined with colorful blossoms. Drink deeply of the perfume of a flower before scattering its petals to the winds with your masterful bladework, just like the dashing duelists of old.
843	Lightning Chain Blade
844	A chain blade infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
845	Lightning Dual Guns
846	Dual Guns infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Their stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
853	Subtle Cintamani
854	An orb that holds the echoes of an ancient dragon's power. The sense of majesty and nobility you feel when touching it could bring anyone to tears.
855	Guild Banner
856	Guild Banner
857	Guild Banner
858	A banner bearing an emblem that represents a guild's pride and principles.
859	A banner bearing an emblem that represents a guild's pride and principles.
860	A banner bearing an emblem that represents a guild's pride and principles.
861	Bastard Sword
862	Mace
863	Bipennis
864	Wood Atlatl
865	Leather Long Bow
866	Crossbow
867	Basic Control Bar
868	Claymore
869	Physis Wooden Lance
870	Spiked Knuckle
871	Spiral Shuriken
872	Cardinal Chain Blade
873	Kite Shield
874	A well-balanced sword capable of quick strikes. Aside from the fact that it's difficult to perform a three-hit combo with, it is an excellent all-around weapon.
875	A short bludgeon with a hefty, flanged head of tempered iron. Simple, but effective.
876	This double-bladed combat axe was created through a process more ancient than is typically used in the crafting of modern weaponry.
877	Required to hurl javelins. It is carved from a length of wood with a groove notched into one end to hold the butt of a javelin, then finished with a leather grip. Once a javelin is loaded, an overhand swing will send the projectile flying.
878	A longbow with a leather-wrapped grip that reinforces the limbs while giving the archer a secure grip on the weapon.
879	A type of bow that fires shorter bolts, using a mechanism to draw back its stiff metal limbs. Crossbows allow marksmen to focus purely on accuracy without having to worry about the force of the shot. Because of this, many have found them conducive to landing critical hits.
880	A simple Control Bar used to control Marionettes. Its straightforward, minimalist design consists of two boards crossed over each other and fastened in the middle.
881	A two-handed sword designed for powerful slashing cuts with its flexible blade. In the hands of a skilled warrior, this weapon has few equals.
882	A lance made from the wood of the sturdy conifers that grow in Iria's Physis region. It takes an entire log to make one of these massive lances, and rumor has it there's a Giant who goes out every night to hew down enough trees to continue producing lances unabated.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.
883	The trio of spikes attached to these knuckles make for a more powerful punch than a bare fist, in addition to offering additional protection for the wearer's hands. Knuckle attacks that begin with a body check flow into a tackle as soon as the opponent goes down, granting you another opportunity to attack. Knuckle damage draws on the wielder's Will.
884	A shuriken with four curved blades jutting out from the center. Though simple in shape, in the hands of a trained Ninja, it can be used to devastating effect.
885	An easy-to-handle Chain Blade designed for initiates to the art. Its design focuses on the links between the blade segments, allowing for intuitive control when extended.
886	This shield, which takes its name from the kites it supposedly resembles, is also known as a teardrop design. The length offers a measure of protection to the lower body in combat, and holding it in your off-hand helps absorb the impact of blows when you block an attack using a skill. It can be used with both light and heavy armor.
887	Lovely Pan Bag
888	Lovely Pan Scooter
889	A bag made in the shape of Pan's face. It seems perfectly suited for carrying small belongings.
890	A scooter decorated with Pan's cute face. It's a fun and convenient way to get around, and it'll pack a punch if you swing it at someone, too.
891	Zongzi Bag
892	A lotus leaf bag on which a cheerful rice dumpling has decided to hitch a ride. It seems durable enough to give enemies a good thwack, if needed--just be sure not to smoosh your innocent passenger in the process.
893	Florist's Control Bar
894	Florist's Staff
895	A control bar decorated with beautiful blossoms. Anyone would be enchanted by its sweet perfume.
896	A staff decorated with beautiful blossoms. In a pinch, you could use it as a walking stick while out wandering in wildflower fields.
897	Celtic Ancient Bow
898	Celtic Errant Blade
899	Celtic Clashing Lance
900	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.
901	A two-handed sword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.
902	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.
903	Falcon of Sunrise Longbow
904	Falcon of Moonset Longbow
905	Owl of Sunrise Staff
906	Owl of Moonset Staff
907	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 붉은 구름을 가르는 매를 상징하는 장궁. 보통 매를 가족처럼 생각하며 함께 생활하는 자들이 사용하던 장궁이다.
908	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 푸른 구름을 가르는 매를 상징하는 장궁. 보통 매를 가족처럼 생각하며 함께 생활하는 자들이 사용하던 장궁이다.
909	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 붉은 구름을 가르는 부엉이를 상징하는 스태프. 수리 부엉이를 부를 수 있다.
910	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 푸른 구름을 가르는 올빼미를 상징하는 스태프. 흰 올빼미를 부를 수 있다.
919	Drinking Horn of Sunrise
920	Drinking Horn of Moonset
921	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 붉은 구름을 가르는 매를 상징하는 잔. 보통 매를 가족처럼 생각하며 함께 생활하는 자들이 사용하던 잔이다.
922	머나먼 저편 광활한 대지의 푸른 구름을 가르는 매를 상징하는 잔. 보통 매를 가족처럼 생각하며 함께 생활하는 자들이 사용하던 잔이다.
923	Match Start Flag (For Cutscene)
924	Pit Sign (For Cutscene)
925	Pit Footstool (For Cutscene)
926	For Jousting Tournament Cutscene
927	For Jousting Tournament Cutscene
928	For Jousting Tournament Cutscene
929	Participant Helmet (F)
930	Participant Helmet (M)
931	For Jousting Tournament Cutscene
932	For Jousting Tournament Cutscene
933	Erg Test Netherblade
939	Sparkler
940	Tornado Potato
941	A handheld firework which lights up festivals with its sparks. Some people like to use the afterimage to draw shapes.
942	A snack made by cutting a potato in a spiral shape. Equipping it allows you to strike a special pose.
943	Three Scoop Ice Cream Cone
944	Scented Bear Beach Ball
945	A deluxe ice cream cone with three different flavors and a cherry on top. Better get eating or it's going to melt!
946	Bring along a Scented Bear for some adorable fun in the sun with a Scented Bear Beach Ball.
947	아쿠아 서프보드
948	아름다운 파도 문양이 그려진 서프보드. 마법의 힘으로 땅에서 탈 수 있게 제작됐다.
953	Coral Beachcomber Bottle
954	Sea Star Beachcomber Bottle
955	Marine Wave Surf Board
956	Marine Sunset Surf Board
957	A bottle full of a beachcomber's treasures: coral, shells, and even a heartfelt note rescued from the sea.
958	A bottle full of a beachcomber's treasures. Starfish and shells are arranged carefully on a bed of the soft sand.
959	A surfboard perfect for catching cool waves under the hot summer sun. It has been enchanted with magic that allows it to be used even on land. Equipping this item gives your character a unique walking animation.
960	A surfboard perfect for catching cool waves under the hot summer sun. It has been enchanted with magic that allows it to be used even on land. Equipping this item gives your character a unique walking animation.
963	Seraphic Cantabile Conductor's Baton
964	Seraphic Cantabile Holy Censer
965	A baton capable of guiding heavenly harmonies. With a flourish of this baton, notes resound with such perfection, one might believe themselves to be in the company of angels.
966	An incense burner imbued with the energy of the divine. The beautiful note motif serves to remind the bearer of the glories beyond the bounds of this world.
967	Waterfowl Fishing Tackle
968	Marine Fishing Tackle
969	All the gear you need for your next seafaring expedition. Showing up with this is sure to tell anyone looking to disturb your vacation that they can duck around and find out. It's made to look like a fishing rod, but can't actually be used for fishing. Equipping this item gives your character a unique walking animation.
970	All the gear you need for your next seafaring expedition. This set has all the classy vibes of a sailboat without you needing to learn to tie any knots. It's made to look like a fishing rod, but can't actually be used for fishing. Equipping this item gives your character a unique walking animation.
977	Gathering Knife
978	Lumber Axe
979	Item Fishing Pole W22
980	A dagger used to cut or trim small things. Not very useful as a weapon, but it's good for shearing wool or the like.
981	A tool for chopping wood. This axe is larger and heavier than an average gathering axe, so you can chop sturdier wood.
982	A must-have piece of kit for would-be anglers looking to reel in all manner of oddities. This fishing pole is famous for hooking items instead of fish. When used for fishing, the catch rate of fish and scrolls stays the same, but the chance of catching an item is doubled. Your Fishing Skill must be at least Rank 5 to use it.\nTo fish, you must also equip a bait tin.
989	Celtic Royal Knight Sword (Rental)
990	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Rental)
991	Celtic Tribolt Wand (Rental)
992	Celtic Tetra Cylinder (Rental)
993	Celtic Control Bar (Rental)
994	Celtic Royal Warrior Axe (Rental)
995	Celtic Druid Staff (Rental)
996	Demonic Oculus Lance (Rental)
997	Celtic Edged Knuckle (Rental)
998	Celtic Dowra Ace (Rental)
999	Celtic Throwing Star (Rental)
1000	Celtic Howling Chain Blade (Rental)
1001	A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1002	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1003	A wand said to have sprung from the wisdom of a goddess, blending fire, ice, and lightning magics within its core. Designed to empower bolt magic, it grants its wielder greater effectiveness in the casting of Firebolts, Icebolts, and Lightning Bolts when fully upgraded and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1004	A cylinder fashioned in the likeness of a similar implement possessed by a goddess. It greatly enhances the effects of elemental Alchemy skills.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1005	A pair of steel Control Bars fashioned in the likeness of those possessed by a goddess. The precision control they afford allows their wielder to render enemies helpless.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1006	A two-handed axe fashioned from a restored great axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. Its broad, sharp double blades strike with unyielding force, inflicting great damage on foes. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1007	A staff born of the will of a goddess. Those who upgrade it will find themselves able to more effectively regulate their mana. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\n\nThis version is a special rental weapon that you can get from FomorDash Talent Acquisition Specialist Joe in Dunbarton. When you're done with it, you can destroy it. (Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1008	A lance refined by the power of darkness. The vamplate is crafted from red scales.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.\n\nThis version is a special rental weapon that you can get from FomorDash Talent Acquisition Specialist Joe in Dunbarton. When you're done with it, you can destroy it. (Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1009	A pair of knuckles fashioned in the likeness of a pair possessed by a goddess. With thick, rigid metal plating on the outer hand and tipped with a sharp spike, they're capable of turning powerful punches into lethal blows.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1010	A pair of next-generation guns fashioned in the likeness of firearms possessed by a goddess. Based on the original Dowra SE, this model has been designed with a higher rate of fire, greater ammunition capacity, and more destructive power.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1011	A shuriken fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Spinning as it flashes through the air, its five sharpened points can slice enemies to ribbons.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1012	A Chain Blade fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Honed blades embedded in a durable chain render it capable of shredding enemies with whiplike reach and flexibility.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
1013	Enchanted Trunk
1014	Enchanted Candlestick
1015	A voluminous trunk popular with wizards and other practitioners of magic. It bears an enchantment that renders the interior unimaginably spacious, allowing the owner to stuff in whatever odds and ends their heart desires--without the weight, of course.
1016	An enchanted candlestick. Candles burned upon it seem to illuminate one's surroundings far more than one would expect from a single flame.
1017	Everyday Trendy Teddy Bear
1018	Everyday Lovely Teddy Bear
1019	Deluxe Trendy Teddy Bear
1020	Deluxe Lovely Teddy Bear
1021	This adorable teddy is the perfect size to tag along wherever you go. There's no need to fear even the darkest dungeons with this stalwart friend at your side.
1022	This adorable teddy is the perfect size to tag along wherever you go. There's no need to fear even the darkest dungeons with this stalwart friend at your side.
1023	This adorable teddy is of sufficient size to wrap one's arms around. You can even keep it snuggled close while running.
1024	This adorable teddy is of sufficient size to wrap one's arms around. You can even keep it snuggled close while running.
1029	Eternal Resistance Knuckles
1030	A pair of Knuckles which were once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The path to freedom requires both an open hand and a closed fist.
1031	Eternal Resistance Bow
1032	Eternal Resistance Two-Handed Sword
1033	Eternal Resistance Dual Guns
1034	A Bow which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The vibrations of the bowstring sing songs of freedom.
1035	A Two-Handed Sword which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The blade shines with the light of a better future.
1036	A pair of Dual Guns which were once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. They are a reliable aid for anyone who fights for justice.
1037	Eternal Resistance Tactical Crossbow
1038	Revolutionary Resistance Tactical Crossbow
1039	A Tactical Crossbow which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The vibrations of the bowstring sing songs of freedom.
1040	A Tactical Crossbow which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The vibrations of the bowstring sing songs of freedom.
1041	NPC Rowan's Staff
1042	The staff that Rowan carries, capable of casting magic of all elements. It greatly amplifies the wielder's magical power by accumulating the residual Mana left behind from spellcasting and returning it to its bearer.
1043	Eternal Resistance Replica Sniper Rifle
1044	Revolutionary Resistance Replica Sniper Rifle
1045	A replica of the sniper rifle of a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. Since it's a replica, it can't actually fire bullets, but it packs a punch if you swing it at someone.
1046	A replica of the sniper rifle of a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. Since it's a replica, it can't actually fire bullets, but it packs a punch if you swing it at someone.
1047	Harmonious Magic Powder
1048	A powder used as a medium to imbue equipment with magical properties. It comes in a fancy bottle.
1049	Ancient Magic Powder (Event)
1050	A powder used as a medium to imbue equipment with magical properties. It comes in a fancy bottle.\n\n(Not tradable)
1051	NPC Loiscneach's Bow
1052	Loiscneach's Finest Handmade Arrow
1053	A bow used by Loiscneach to survive in any environs.
1054	An exceptionally well-made and well-balanced arrow carried by Loiscneach.
1055	Celtic Royal Knight Sword
1056	A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1057	Crocus High School Synthesizer
1058	A synthesizer that Crocus High School music students can use to make their compositions a reality. It's got plenty of features and modes for even the most avant-garde pieces.\n\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the piano.
1059	Celtic Errant Blade
1060	A two-handed sword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1061	Mysterious Bottle
1062	Noble Lotus
1063	A bottle containing an unknown substance. Whatever is inside, it gives off a sweet fragrance, but inhaling too deeply can make one dizzy.
1064	A noble and pure flower that gives off a subtle yet sweet aroma.
1065	Celtic Ancient Bow
1066	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1067	Celtic Royal Crossbow
1068	Celtic Crossbow
1069	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1070	A crossbow said to be imbued with the breath of a goddess. Its excellent balance affords an archer the time to carefully aim each shot.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1071	Celtic Control Bars
1072	A pair of steel Control Bars fashioned in the likeness of those possessed by a goddess. The precision control they afford allows their wielder to render enemies helpless.\n<color=1>These weapons have been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1073	Celtic Edged Knuckles
1074	A pair of knuckles fashioned in the likeness of a pair possessed by a goddess. With thick, rigid metal plating on the outer hand and tipped with a sharp spike, they're capable of turning powerful punches into lethal blows.\n<color=1>These weapons have been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1075	Celtic Throwing Star
1076	A shuriken fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Spinning as it flashes through the air, its five sharpened points can slice enemies to ribbons.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1077	Celtic Tetra Cylinder
1078	A cylinder fashioned in the likeness of a similar implement possessed by a goddess. It greatly enhances the effects of elemental Alchemy skills.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1079	Celtic Tribolt Wand
1080	Celtic Druid Staff
1081	Celtic Guardian Staff
1082	Celtic Clashing Lance
1083	Celtic Dowra Aces
1084	Celtic Howling Chain Blade
1085	A wand said to have sprung from the wisdom of a goddess, blending fire, ice, and lightning magics within its core. Designed to empower bolt magic, it grants its wielder greater effectiveness in the casting of Firebolts, Icebolts, and Lightning Bolts when fully upgraded and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1086	A staff born of the will of a goddess. Those who upgrade it will find themselves able to more effectively regulate their mana. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1087	A staff that reflects the generosity of a goddess, enabling the wielder to cast powerful magic attacks or support allies with the Party Healing skill. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1088	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1089	A pair of next-generation guns fashioned in the likeness of firearms possessed by a goddess. Based on the original Dowra SE, this model has been designed with a higher rate of fire, greater ammunition capacity, and more destructive power.\n<color=1>These weapons have been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1090	A Chain Blade fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Honed blades embedded in a durable chain render it capable of shredding enemies with whiplike reach and flexibility.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1091	Celtic Royal War Hammer
1092	Celtic War Hammer
1093	Celtic Royal Battle Axe
1094	Celtic Battle Axe
1095	Celtic Warrior Hammer
1096	Celtic Royal Warrior Hammer
1097	Celtic Royal Warrior Axe
1098	Celtic Warrior Axe
1099	A one-handed blunt weapon fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Capable of impressive destructive power, it distinguishes itself from other hammers by its stable damage output.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1100	A one-handed blunt weapon fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Light yet sturdy, it affords its wielder a faster rate of attack than one would expect for a hammer.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1101	A powerful one-handed axe fashioned from a restored axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. The weight of its head and the sharpness of its edge make it easy to land cleaving blows, allowing it to shine on most battlefields.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1102	A one-handed axe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Exceedingly sturdy and well-made, it is capable of dealing punishing blows.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1103	A two-handed hammer fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1104	A two-handed hammer fashioned from a restored hammer said to have been wielded by a goddess in judgment of her foes. Despite its hulking size and the destructive power of which it is capable, both humans and Elves can wield it with ease.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1105	A two-handed axe fashioned from a restored great axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. Its broad, sharp double blades strike with unyielding force, inflicting great damage on foes. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1106	A two-handed axe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Its broad, curved edge can cleave through the toughest targets. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1107	Claimh Solas
1108	Chronicle Mission Nuadha Exclusive (Not to Be Distributed)
1109	Nightbringer Assault Sword
1110	Perseus Steeled Sword
1111	Nightbringer Enforcer Hammer
1112	Perseus Brutal War Hammer
1113	Nightbringer Predator Bow
1114	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow
1115	Perseus Voiceless Bow
1116	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
1117	Nightbringer Elementalist Wand
1118	Perseus Arcane Wand
1119	Nightbringer Technician Cylinder
1120	Nightbringer Trickster Control Bars
1121	Nightbringer Warlord Greatsword
1122	Perseus Monumental Blade
1123	Nightbringer Berserker Greataxe
1124	Perseus Cleaving Warrior Axe
1125	Nightbringer Inquisitor Staff
1126	Perseus Mystic Staff
1127	Nightbringer Spearhead Lance
1128	Perseus Tempestuous Lance
1129	Nightbringer Vagabond Knuckles
1130	Nightbringer Vanquisher Dual Guns
1131	Perseus Thundering Dual Guns
1132	Nightbringer Infiltrator Shuriken
1133	Perseus Swift Shuriken
1134	Nightbringer Wraith Chain Blade
1135	Perseus Rending Chain Blade
1136	Perseus Vigilant Shield
1137	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
1138	Perseus Voiceless Arrows
1139	Perseus Forbidden Spell Book
1140	A One-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1141	A sword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1142	A One-handed Blunt Weapon crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1143	A hammer containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1144	A Bow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1145	A Crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1146	A bow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1147	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1148	A Wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1149	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1150	A Cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.\nDramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
1151	A Control Bar crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1152	A Two-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1153	A greatsword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1154	A Two-handed Axe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1155	A greataxe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1156	A Staff crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1157	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1158	A Lance crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1159	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1160	A Knuckle crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1161	Dual Guns crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from them, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve. It inflicts a powerful shock and knocks back enemies with 3 attacks.
1162	A pair of guns containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from them like a stormcloud.
1163	A Shuriken crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1164	A shuriken containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1165	A Chain Blade crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1166	A chain blade containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1167	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1168	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness. Use them with the Nightbringer Predator Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\n\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Nightbringer Predator.
1169	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Use them with the Perseus Voiceless Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\n\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Perseus Voiceless Bow.
1170	A spellbook containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1171	Nuadha's Solas Sword (For Cutscenes)
1172	Sreng's Blade (For Cutscenes)
1173	Sreng's Throwing Spear (For Cutscenes)
1174	Nuadha's Solas Sword (For Cutscenes)
1175	Sreng's Blade (For Cutscenes)
1176	Sreng's Throwing Spear (For Cutscenes)
1177	장식된 라이딩 크롭
1178	신비한 깃털 펜
1179	달리는 말에 쓰이는 라이딩 크롭. 승마할 때 사용되지만 맞으면 매우 아프다.
1180	마법이 깃든 신기한 깃털 펜. 허공에 글을 써도 잔상이 남아 글을 볼 수 있는 신비한 펜. 누구나 갖고 싶을 것 같다.
1181	Samhain Cobweb Lamp
1182	Created from spiderwebs that captured moonlight on Samhain. The light from this lamp can draw the attention of the dead.
1183	Celtic Traveler's Compass
1184	Official All-Purpose Quest Scroll
1185	Replica Horn Bugle
1186	An elegant compass bearing a Celtic design. If you ever find yourself lost, you need only look to this compass to guide you home.
1187	A handsome quest scroll made of premium parchment, awaiting a list of real or imagined objectives. The perfect item for those who want to look busy.
1188	A handsome shouting horn nigh-indistinguishable from the real thing. Unlike the real thing, it cannot broadcast your voice across all of Erinn, but some might say that makes it better.
1189	Midnight Covenant Bow
1190	Midnight Covenant Control Bar
1191	A bow forged by the Lady of Midnight that takes inspiration from the shape of bat wings. Don't worry; the bandages and stitches are purely for the aesthetic, and don't represent structural weaknesses.
1192	A control bar forged by the Lady of Midnight that takes inspiration from the shape of bat wings. The rose details suggest the beauty that can be found in the darkest night.
1193	Midnight Covenant Marionette
1195	A marionette made in the image of the Lady of Midnight. When equipped, you will always summon a Midnight Covenant Marionette when you use the Pierrot Marionette skill. If you dye it with a Marionette Dye Ampoule, the colors will be applied to your marionette when summoned. Marionettes must be equipped alongside Control Bars.
1196	요정의 비눗방울 도구
1197	임프 쿤이 마그 멜에서 가져온 특별한 비눗방울 도구. 이 도구를 들고 비눗방울을 불면, 비눗방울 대신 요정의 가루가 흩날린다.\n요정 마을에선 따스한 이웨카와 라데카 달빛이 내리쬐는 밤이면 어린 피니들이 요정의 비눗방울 도구를 불며 낙엽처럼 화려한 춤을 춘다고 한다. (정령 무기화 불가)
1198	Frost Umbrella
1199	Frost Great Scythe
1200	An umbrella used by the Iceborn Noble to guide the innocent, lost deep within the snowy mountains, back outside.
1201	A great scythe wielded by Iceborn Nobles to punish those who venture into their domain with evil intentions.
1202	Worldwide Witness One-handed Sword
1203	Worldwide Witness Bow
1204	Worldwide Wanderer Two-handed Sword
1205	Worldwide Wanderer Chain Blade
1206	A one-handed sword for a traveler with the freedom to witness the world.
1207	A bow for a traveler with the freedom to witness the world.
1208	A two-handed sword for a wanderer who searches the world over.
1209	A chain blade for a wanderer who searches the world over.
1218	Rainbow Paint Roller
1219	A roller for applying paint, dipped into several colors to make a beautiful rainbow, a wild mess, or possibly both.
1220	Frost Mandolin
1221	Frost Lyre
1222	A mandolin rumored to have been played by the Iceborn Noble.
1223	A lyre rumored to have been played by the Iceborn Noble.
1224	NPC Delga's Stone
1225	A stone precious to Delga, carried with her wherever she goes. The energy it emanates clearly marks it as something out of the ordinary.
1228	Circus Bandmember's Harp
1229	Circus Bandmember's Piano
1230	Circus Bandmember's Drums
1231	Circus Bandmember's Cello
1232	Circus Bandmember's Violin
1233	Circus Bandmember's Mandolin
1234	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's harp! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the harp!
1235	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's piano! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the piano!
1236	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's drums! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the drums!
1237	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's cello! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!
1238	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's violin! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!
1239	Ladies and gentlemen! Milletians of all ages! Open your ears to the dulcet tones of the circus bandmember's mandolin! Guaranteed to make music that delights and excites!
1240	Nightbringer Vanguard Shield
1241	Perseus Vigilant Shield
1242	A Shield crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1243	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1248	Nightbringer Elementalist Wand
1249	Perseus Arcane Wand
1250	Nightbringer Inquisitor Staff
1251	Perseus Mystic Staff
1252	A Wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1253	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1254	A Staff crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1255	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1256	Ornate Folding Fan
1257	Royal Decree Scroll
1258	A lavish fan featuring meticulous detailing and thoughtfully placed gemstones, made in a style much favored by the lords and ladies of the court. The savviest among the nobility know when to hold them, and when to fold them.
1259	Hear ye, hear ye! This scroll, marked with the royal emblem, contains a proclamation to the entire kingdom. The wise would do well to hearken to its words.
1260	Caladbolg
1261	Venom Sword
1262	Mace of Mercy
1263	Masterpiece Bow
1264	Tethra's Blade
1265	Tyrfing
1266	A legendary sword passed down among the Partholons, who are said to have received it from the Ban Clan after the time of the great flood. After it was lost by Prince Tuan, the sword disappeared from history, but has recently resurfaced. Its blade crackles with the essence of lightning itself. (Not to be Distributed)
1267	The envenomed blade that proved the doom of Prince Hamlet. Any foe so much as scratched by its edge will be enfeebled, eventually perishing by its poison. (Not to be Distributed)
1268	A mace bearing a skull motif, wielded by King Slates. Though the magic with which it was imbued seems to have dissipated when taken from the depths of the ruins, it remains a splendid weapon. (Not to be Distributed)
1269	An exquisite bow commissioned by Portia's father, one of the richest men in Iria, as a gift for his beloved daughter. The product of decades of careful craftsmanship, it represents a collaborative effort between many of Erinn's greatest artisans. (Not to be Distributed)
1270	A greatsword that once belonged to Tethra, commander of the Fomors dwelling in the Shadow Realm. Inhabited by a spirit, its broad blade completely ignores an enemy's Defense, cleaving through armor as though it were paper. (Not to be Distributed)
1271	An ominous sword of legend that appears only in eras of great strife and bloodshed. Said to be cursed to take a life every time it is drawn, the weapon unleashes its might through feeding on life-essence, including that of its bearer. (Not to be Distributed)
1272	Frog Compact
1273	A makeup compact in the shape of a frog. With this, looking cute is easier than catching flies with honey.
1274	Bear Essentials Daypack
1275	Snow Globe Lantern
1276	A charming daypack equally comfortable riding on your back or cradled in your arms. Holds everything you might need for everyday use or casual trips.
1277	A lantern designed to resemble a wintry, candlelit snow globe. If you look closely, you can even see tiny flakes of snow falling within.
1278	Bejeweled Monarch Longbow
1279	Bejeweled Monarch Greatsword
1280	A finely fashioned longbow that seems as much an objet d'art as it is a functional weapon. Its delicate, sweeping curves are accented with jewels that shine with a gleaming luster.
1281	A finely fashioned greatsword with detailed inlays along the blade and a hilt of exceptionally fine make. It seems almost crude to draw blood with such a weapon, but its owner will find it serves well everywhere from banquets to battlefields.
1282	Elegant Romantic Lace Clutch
1283	A delicate clutch with room for all your date-night essentials. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1284	Shadow Reaper Sword
1285	Shadow Reaper Long Blade
1286	Shadow Reaper Dual Guns
1287	Shadow Reaper Shuriken
1288	A sword crafted for an assassin who never leaves a target alive. It is perfectly balanced to be wielded with speed and grace.
1289	A long blade crafted for an assassin who never leaves a target alive. It is deceptively light, letting it be wielded with precision and power.
1290	A set of dual guns crafted for an assassin who never leaves a target alive. The ornamentation is sharp enough to stab with in a pinch.
1291	A shuriken crafted for an assassin who never leaves a target alive. Perfectly streamlined for a silent kill in the dead of night.
1292	Shamisen
1293	Manpashik Flute
1294	A mandolin refashioned into the likeness of a three-stringed instrument from a land far to the East. The bards of Erinn are fond of such exotic instruments, ever hoping to enchant audiences with rich, new sounds.
1295	A flute made in the image of a storied instrument that appears in an ancient legend involving a dragon. Said to have been carved from bamboo but with a glossy luster like that of finest jade, its clear, haunting melodies roll through the air like waves upon the ocean's expanse.
1296	Elegant Romantic Lace Fan
1297	An eye-catching fan made for drama and romance. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1308	Charming Romantic Lace Fan
1309	Charming Romantic Lace Clutch
1310	An eye-catching fan made for drama and romance. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1311	A delicate clutch with room for all your date-night essentials. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1312	Celtic Ancient Bow (Rental)
1313	Celtic Errant Blade (Rental)
1314	Celtic Clashing Lance (Rental)
1315	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.\n\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
1316	A two-handed sword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.\n\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
1317	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
1322	Berchel Prevail Cottonwood Bouquet
1323	Reichel Prevail Cottonwood Bouquet
1324	Berchel Prevail Control Bar
1325	Reichel Prevail Control Bar
1326	Berchel Prevail Kriegsmesser
1327	Reichel Prevail Kriegsmesser
1328	Berchel Prevail Blossombough
1329	Reichel Prevail Blossombough
1330	A bouquet of cottonwood twigs that serves as a spellcasting implement, crafted for the noble house of Berchel. Rustic yet fluffy, it showcases the family's elegance and savoir-faire.
1331	A bouquet of cottonwood twigs that serves as a spellcasting implement, crafted for the noble house of Reichel. Rustic yet fluffy, it showcases the family's dignity and erudition.
1332	A set of Control Bars fashioned of aged hardwood and polished brass for the noble house of Berchel. Said to be used in extravagant theatrical productions, they showcase the family's elegance and savoir-faire.
1333	A set of Control Bars fashioned of aged hardwood and polished brass for the noble house of Reichel. Said to be used in extravagant theatrical productions even grander than those of House Berchel, they showcase the family's dignity and erudition.
1334	An impressive "war knife" large enough to cleave a horse and rider in twain, presuming one has the strength to swing it. Forged at the behest of the noble house of Berchel, it showcases the family's elegance and savoir-faire.
1335	An impressive "war knife" large enough to cleave a horse and rider in twain, presuming one has the strength to swing it. Forged at the behest of the noble house of Reichel, it showcases the family's dignity and erudition.
1336	A staff fashioned in the druidic tradition from a flowering branch, commissioned by the noble house of Berchel. Endowed with an enchantment said to keep its owner "light on their feet," it showcases the family's elegance and savoir-faire.
1337	A staff fashioned in the druidic tradition from a flowering branch, commissioned by the noble house of Reichel. Endowed with an enchantment said to keep its owner "light on their feet," it showcases the family's dignity and erudition.
1338	Elegant Romantic Lace Umbrella
1339	Charming Romantic Lace Umbrella
1340	A delicate lace umbrella, perfect for sharing with your special someone. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1341	A delicate lace umbrella, perfect for sharing with your special someone. The luxurious lace details elevate any look.
1354	인어의 소중한 어항
1355	인어가 소중하게 여기는 신비로운 어항. 신비로운 산호들과 금붕어 모양 장식이 아름답다. 쏟아버리지 않게 조심하자.
1358	서리 대낫
1359	프로스트 로드가 자신의 영역에 함부로 침범한 악한 자를 단죄할 때 사용했다는 대낫.
1360	Gooseneck Kettle
1361	A quick-boiling kettle that can serve up the perfect pour-over. Let the aroma rise as you savor the moment before your perfect first cup.
1362	Musketeer's Harp
1363	A harp made for use by the Musketeers of the Guard, charged with safeguarding the royal household. Among those who serve in the palace, skill in music is esteemed as highly as one's skill in combat.\n\nRight-click and select 'Use' to set up or put away the harp.
1364	Strawberry Frappe
1365	A frosty frappe mixed with fresh strawberries. Whatever you're doing, take time to pause and treat yourself with this refreshing drink.
1366	Musketeer's Umbrella
1367	An umbrella made for use by the Musketeers of the Guard, charged with safeguarding the royal household. One may be brave enough to rush into a downpour, but no servant of the crown should have to get their fancy garments wet.
1368	Musketeer's Musket Crossbow
1369	A crossbow cleverly designed in the style of a musket, the famous firearm that transformed the face of military tactics and lent its name to the Musketeers. All for one, and one for all!
1370	Musketeer's Rapier
1371	Musketeer's Flute
1372	Musketeer's Dual Guns
1373	A rapier of fine make, issued to the Musketeers of the Guard in service to the royal household. One must possess skill in both swordsmanship and marksmanship to join the ranks of the Musketeers.
1374	A flute made for use by the Musketeers of the Guard, charged with safeguarding the royal household. Among those who serve in the palace, skill in music is esteemed as highly as one's skill in combat.
1375	A matched pair of guns issued to the Musketeers of the Guard in service to the royal household. Although possessing mastery of numerous weapons, many Musketeers favor firearms, with which they are especially proficient.
1376	Crocus High School Keyboard
1377	A portable keyboard that Crocus High School music students can take with them to performances. It makes it easy to share the gift of music with the world.\n\nRight-click and press Use to place or remove the piano.
1378	Snowball Gloves
1379	These gloves stay dry inside no matter how many snowballs you throw.
1380	Lightning Knuckles
1381	Knuckles infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Their stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
1382	Blanc Patisserie Beluga Whale Plushie
1383	Blanc Patisserie Dumbo Octopus Plushie
1384	Blanc Patisserie Cat Plushie
1385	Blanc Patisserie Party Cat Plushie
1386	Blanc Patisserie Dino Plushie
1387	Blanc Patisserie Party Dino Plushie
1388	Blanc Patisserie Coco Doll
1389	Blanc Patisserie Party Coco Doll
1390	Blanc Patisserie Toto Doll
1391	Blanc Patisserie Party Toto Doll
1392	A cute beluga plushie inspired by the grace of these gentle cetacean friends. Hugging it fills you with a joy as deep as the sea.
1393	A cute dumbo octopus plushie inspired by the mysterious denizens of the deep. It may have you beat when it comes to limbs, but you only need two arms to give it a big hug.
1394	This jumbo kitty plushie is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. The feeling of warmth and coziness it brings make it a favorite of many, from students to professionals. After all, everyone should have someone to hug.
1395	This jumbo kitty plushie is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. The feeling of warmth and coziness it brings make it a favorite of many, from students to professionals. After all, everyone should have someone to hug.
1396	This dino plushie is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. Those who seek a slightly more rugged embrace are sure to welcome this prehistoric pal into their hearts.
1397	This dino plushie is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. Those who seek a slightly more rugged embrace are sure to welcome this prehistoric pal into their hearts.
1398	This Coco doll is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. The playful, peppy Coco has been known to cause mischief here and there, but frequent hugs are sure to keep him on his best behavior.
1399	This Coco doll is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. The playful, peppy Coco has been known to cause mischief here and there, but frequent hugs are sure to keep him on his best behavior.
1400	This Toto doll is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. Sweet as a sugar cookie, Toto always looks forward to spending time with you, so give her a big hug to show you appreciate her.
1401	This Toto doll is the perfect size to wrap both your arms around. Sweet as a sugar cookie, Toto always looks forward to spending time with you, so give her a big hug to show you appreciate her.
1402	Panda Novelty Camera
1403	A cute camera in shape of a panda. Take it around with you to snap pictures of all the places you've been.
1404	Deer Rag Doll
1405	Wear this adorable doll on your back. If an enemy hits you in a Shadow Mission, this doll might summon one of its friends to help you. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, or upgraded)
1406	Doodling Crayon Longbow
1407	A playful crayon Longbow. With enough imagination, your bolts can pierce through any target. Wait, does the power of imagination work on armor?
1408	Sweet Hamster Ukulele
1409	A ukelele in the shape of a hamster. It's a popular choice for children trying out an instrument for the first time, thanks to its easy playability and cute appearance, but a skilled player can still create beautiful melodies on it.
1410	드래곤 가디언 소드
1411	용 장식이 있는 부러진 검. 용의 기운으로 신비로운 힘이 부러진 부분을 완성시켜 더 강력하게 느껴진다.
1414	영묘한 여의주
1415	신비로운 용의 기운으로 감싸진 구슬. 용의 위엄이 느껴진다.
1420	Candied Apple Wand
1421	Syringe Lance
1423	A wand that's been used to skewer an apple and dip it in rich, thick caramel for the perfect candied shell. It might cause problems in battle if enemies start trying to eat your weapon...
1424	A lance shaped like a giant syringe. If taking your medicine is like this, maybe that cough isn't so bad after all...
1433	Spring Bouquet
1434	A bouquet bursting with the colorful vibe of spring. Just carrying it around causes the fragrant aroma of flowers to spread far and wide.
1445	Cailleach's Wintersbreath
1446	Cailleach's Wintersbrand
1447	Cailleach's Wintersbite
1448	A scythe of purest ice once wielded by Cailleach, sharp as glass and hard as stone. Through some mystical property, its size changes to suit the wielder.
1449	A sword of purest ice once wielded by Cailleach, sharp as glass and hard as stone. Through some mystical property, its size changes to suit the wielder.
1450	A spear of purest ice once wielded by Cailleach, sharp as glass and hard as stone. Through some mystical property, its size changes to suit the wielder.
1457	Neon Blossom Shuriken
1458	A throwing weapon wielded by agents of shadow who carry out their missions in sprawling cities where colored lights hold even the dark of night at bay. Its soft glow will illuminate even the dimmest corridors.
1459	Neon Blossom Katana
1460	A single-edged sword wielded by agents of shadow who carry out their missions in sprawling cities where colored lights hold even the dark of night at bay. Its soft glow will illuminate even the dimmest corridors.
1461	Constellation Rod
1462	An astrological implement that takes the form of a fishing rod, used to skim fragments containing faint traces of stellar energy from the stars' reflections on the surface of a body of water. To fish, you must have both a fishing rod and bait equipped.
1463	Dispositor Scythe
1464	Scythe of Blossoming Memories
1465	Celtic Triplicity Scythe
1466	Perseus Peregrine Scythe
1467	Nightbringer Observer Scythe
1468	A weapon made by a mysterious clan. Its shape is based on a tool often used in the harvest, but it has been fortified for use in combat.
1469	A scythe imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart. Fashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
1470	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.
1471	A scythe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
1472	A scythe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1473	Nightbringer Vega Orb
1474	An orb crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
1475	Canopus Orb
1476	Perseus Arcturus Orb
1477	A crystalline sphere made by a mysterious clan. Orbs like this are often used in scrying and other forms of augury.
1478	An orb containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud, but gazing into reveals only enigmas.
1479	South Sea Sailor's Anchor Axe
1480	South Sea Sailor's Marine Harpoon
1481	South Sea Sailor's Harpoon
1482	South Sea Sailor's Shield
1483	South Sea Sailor's Marine Shield
1484	A great axe favored by boarding parties on ships sailing the temperate southern seas. Forged in the shape of an anchor, it is marginally less heavy, but still packs a wallop.
1485	A lance fashioned into a harpoon, favored by crews on ships sailing the temperate southern seas for fending off giant creatures from the briny deep. A bandana is knotted around it--presumably to mark it as someone's favorite.
1486	A lance fashioned into a harpoon, favored by crews on ships sailing the temperate southern seas for fending off giant creatures from the briny deep.
1487	A shield designed to resemble a ship's wheel, favored by crews on ships sailing the temperate southern seas. It'll never steer you wrong.
1488	A shield designed to resemble a ship's wheel, favored by crews on ships sailing the temperate southern seas. The scarf decorating the shield's boss calls to mind a nautical uniform.
1489	South Sea Sailor's Ship's Wheels
1490	A pair of control bars favored by crews on ships sailing the temperate southern seas. Each is shaped like a miniature ship's wheel and, when not in combat, are often used to delight the crew with puppet shows.
1491	인크레더블 매지션 하프
1492	인크레더블 매지션 피아노
1493	인크레더블 매지션 드럼
1494	인크레더블 매지션 첼로
1495	인크레더블 매지션 바이올린
1496	인크레더블 매지션 만돌린
1497	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 하프. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 하프의 음색을 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.\n마우스 우클릭을 하고 [사용하기]를 누르면 하프를 설치/해제할 수 있다.
1498	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 피아노. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 피아노의 음색을 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.\n마우스 우클릭을 하고 [사용하기]를 누르면 피아노를 설치/해제할 수 있다.
1499	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 드럼. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 드럼의 연주를 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.\n마우스 우클릭을 하고 사용하기를 누르면 드럼을 설치/해제할 수 있다.
1500	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 첼로. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 첼로의 연주를 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.\n마우스 우클릭을 하고 사용하기를 누르면 첼로를 설치/해제할 수 있다.
1501	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 바이올린. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 바이올린의 연주를 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.
1502	눈길을 사로잡는 마술사의 만돌린. 관객을 사로잡는 상징적인 장식들이 만돌린의 연주를 한층 돋보여 주는 것 같다.
1503	NPC Delaney Celestial Cage
1504	A portable Celestial Cage Delaney usually carries with her. As she explained, such cages function as a sort of holding cell, sequestering specific clusters of stars for more frequent or focused observation. At times you have seen Delaney peering into the cage, wholly absorbed in the movements of the stars.
1507	Pineapple Slushie
1508	An iced drink made with pineapple and other fruit juice, beloved by tropical travelers and beachcombers. A few sips are sure to help you chill out and beat the heat.
1509	Selenian Longbow
1510	Selenian Wand
1511	Helionic Lance
1512	Helionic Knuckles
1513	A longbow suffused with tranquil lunar energy. Skilled hunters who draw this bow by moonlight are said to receive a goddess's blessing.
1514	A wand suffused with tranquil lunar energy. The crescent shape has long been believed to be an effective focus for gathering and shaping mana.
1515	A lance suffused with radiant solar energy. With the power to pierce like a beam of focused light, it often feels larger in hand than it actually is.
1516	A pair of knuckles suffused with radiant solar energy. The flamelike ornamentation on the backs of the hands lets enemies know not to mess with you or your sun again.
1517	Spirit Awakening Effect: Scythe (Spirit Exclusive)
1518	Weapon effect used for Spirit Awakening
1519	Library of Secrets Suitcase
1520	A suitcase filled to bursting with records from the Library of Secrets. Perfect for a bard travelling Erinn to find new stories.
1521	White Owl Brooch Replica
1522	A brooch in the shape of a white owl. Looking at it reminds you of someone... Though meant to be worn as a brooch, it has a pleasing shape and heft when you hold it in your hand.
1523	Perseus Peregrine Scythe
1524	A scythe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
1527	Morpho Dreamwood Spell Book
1528	A Spell Book that exudes the mysterious power of the forest of dream. The butterfly that adorns the cover seems like it could come alive at any moment...
1529	Morpho Dreamwood Sword
1530	A One-handed Sword that exudes the mysterious power of the forest of dream. The glowing butterfly adornments give it the look of a weapon wielded by a brave protector of nature.
1531	Summer Casual Sports Bag
1532	A sports bag that's perfect for a hot summer day. It even has a cute little ring.
1533	Frieren's Suitcase
1534	The Scales of Obedience
1535	A replica of Frieren's Suitcase.
1536	A replica of the Scales of Obedience.
1539	Ravenscall Hunter's Shotgun Crossbow
1540	Ravenscall Shotgun Crossbow
1541	Morpho Dreamwood Long Bow
1543	Morpho Dreamwood Two-Handed Sword
1544	고스트 펑크 컴뱃 블레이드
1545	Morpho Dreamwood Ribbon Staff
1546	Morpho Dreamwood Staff
1547	A handsome, double-barreled firearm favored by those who live for the hunt. With so much firepower comes significant recoil, so be sure to aim well.
1548	A beautiful double-barreled firearm favored by those who appreciate the opportunities afforded by not one, but two shells. With so much firepower comes significant recoil, so be sure to aim well.
1549	A handsome long bow such as one might find in a forest of dreams. With its sophisticated floral decorations, it wouldn't be surprising to see a butterfly alight upon it.
1550	A handsome long bow such as one might find in a forest of dreams. With its sophisticated floral decorations, it wouldn't be surprising to see a butterfly alight upon it.
1551	A handsome, unusually shaped two-handed sword with a long and elegant hilt. It has all the power and reach of a greatsword while reducing its weight, making it as comfortable to use as it is powerful.
1552	고스트펑크의 일원들이 다루는 양손 검. 일본도를 베이스로 제작된 블레이드에 유사시를 대비한 단도가 덧대진 외형의 전술 무기이다.
1553	A winsome staff decorated with ribbons and flowers. It's perfect for taking a stroll through a well-manicured garden, and for impressing suitors with a showy bit of spellcasting.
1554	A winsome staff decorated with ribbons and flowers. It's perfect for taking a stroll through a well-manicured garden, and for impressing suitors with a showy bit of spellcasting.
1555	Celtic Triplicity Scythe (Rental)
1556	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
1563	Celestial Eminence Ceremonial Greatsword
1564	Celestial Eminence Bladed Lance
1565	An imposing sword requiring great strength to heft and swing. Said to be forged in honor of the gods, such blades are most often seen in rites and ceremonies, but make for fearsome weapons when wielded in battle.
1566	A powerful lance tipped with a blade as long as that of a sword, honed all along its edges. Said to be forged in honor of the gods, it seems intended to battle foes few mortals could otherwise contend with.
1567	Celtic Triplicity Scythe
1568	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
1571	이터널 셀레니오스 달빛 장궁
1572	이터널 셀레니오스 달빛 원드
1573	이터널 셀레니오스 태양 랜스
1574	이터널 셀레니오스 태양 너클
1575	신비로운 달빛의 힘이 담긴 장궁. 활에는 은은하게 감싸는 달의 기운이 느껴진다.
1576	빛나는 달빛이 신비로운 원드. 초승달 모양이 매력적으로 느껴진다.
1577	태양의 힘을 간직한 거대한 작살 형태의 랜스. 태양의 힘을 갖고 있어서 그런지 랜스가 더 커보인다.
1578	강력한 태양의 빛을 형상화한 너클. 손등에 있는 장식이 이글이글 불타고 있어 강력해 보인다.
1579	브리스토 리젠시 핸들
1580	브리스토 레베카 스태프
1581	자유 분방하고 사교적인 귀족들이 사용하던 핸들. 꽃으로 장식되어 우아하고 세련되어 보인다.
1582	자유 분방하고 사교적인 귀족들이 사용하던 스태프. 꽃으로 장식되어 우아하고 세련되어 보인다.
1585	Ravenscall Hunter's Shotgun Bow
1586	Ravenscall Shotgun Bow
1587	Eternal Resistance Tactical Bow
1588	Revolutionary Resistance Tactical Bow
1589	A handsome, double-barreled firearm favored by those who live for the hunt. With so much firepower comes significant recoil, so be sure to aim well.
1590	A beautiful double-barreled firearm favored by those who appreciate the opportunities afforded by not one, but two shells. With so much firepower comes significant recoil, so be sure to aim well.
1591	A Tactical Bow which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The vibrations of the bowstring sing songs of freedom.
1592	A Tactical Bow which was once used by a legendary resistance fighter who never gives in to tyranny. The vibrations of the bowstring sing songs of freedom.
1593	Hero's Blade Replica
1594	Stark's Axe Replica
1595	A replica of the Hero's Blade.
1596	A replica of Stark's axe.
1597	Ubel's Staff (Lance) Replica
1598	A replica of Übel's staff, used as a lance.
1599	Fern's Staff Replica
1600	A replica of Fern's staff.
1601	Linie's Axe Replica
1602	Frieren's Staff Replica
1603	A replica of Linie's axe.
1604	A replica of Frieren's staff.
1605	큐트 마린 프릴 우산
1606	큐트 마린 프릴 우산
1607	프릴과 리본으로 장식된 고풍스러운 우산이다. 뜨거운 태양과 시원한 비를 막아줄 수 있을 듯하다.
1608	프릴과 리본으로 장식된 고풍스러운 우산이다. 뜨거운 태양과 시원한 비를 막아줄 수 있을 듯하다.
1613	Soul Liberator Scythe
1614	A scythe imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1615	Soul Liberator Staff
1616	A staff imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1617	Soul Liberator Sword
1618	A sword imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1619	Soul Liberator Greatsword
1620	A greatsword imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1621	Soul Liberator Bow
1622	A bow imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1623	Soul Liberator Crossbow
1624	A crossbow imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1625	Soul Liberator Eternal Arrows
1626	Soul Liberator Eternal Bolts
1627	Arrows imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. When paired with the Soul Liberator Bow, you will loose shots formed from magical energy.\n\nCan only be used with the Soul Liberator Bow.
1628	Bolts imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. When paired with the Soul Liberator Crossbow, you will fire shots formed from magical energy.\n\nCan only be used with the Soul Liberator Crossbow.
1629	Soul Liberator Lance
1630	A lance imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1631	Soul Liberator Hammer
1632	A hammer imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1633	Soul Liberator Greathammer
1634	A great hammer imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1635	총사대의 머스킷 크로스보우
1636	총사대의 머스킷 보우
1637	총사대원들을 치하하기 위해 지급된 석궁. 보고만 있어도 왕실을 호위하는 용맹스러운 총사대의 활약이 전해지는 것 같다.
1638	총사대원들을 치하하기 위해 지급된 보우. 보고만 있어도 왕실을 호위하는 용맹스러운 총사대의 활약이 전해지는 것 같다.
1639	총사대의 레이피어
1640	총사대의 우산
1641	총사대의 듀얼건
1642	총사대원들을 치하하기 위해 지급된 레이피어. 총사가 되기 위해서는 총술뿐 아니라 검술 실력도 뛰어나야한다.
1643	총사대원들을 치하하기 위해 지급된 우산. 보고만 있어도 왕실을 호위하는 용맹스러운 총사대의 활약이 전해지는 것 같다.
1644	총사대원들을 치하하기 위해 지급된 듀얼건. 다양한 무기를 다룰 수 있어야 하지만, 역시 총사를 대표하는 무기는 총이다.
1645	밤의 서약 보우
1646	밤의 서약 핸들
1647	박쥐 날개를 상징하는 듯한 밤의 주인을 위한 활. 언뜻 장난감처럼 귀여워 보이는 외형이지만 파괴력은 일반 활과 다름없는 것 같다.
1648	박쥐 날개를 상징하는 듯한 밤의 주인을 위한 핸들. 아름다운 장미와 날카로운 박쥐 날개 장식이 이 핸들의 주인의 취향과 성격을 말해주는 것 같다.
1649	Celestial Eminence Umbrella
1650	A dignified umbrella made in a style favored by the inhabitants of an enlightened realm. To greet the day unperturbed by rain or sun is within the grasp of all who carry it with them.
1651	봉인된 지배자의 낫
1652	강력한 힘을 지닌채 봉인되었다는 전설 속의 지배자가 사용하던 대형 낫. 옅게 감싼 오오라와 빛나는 형태의 룬 문자가 강력한 힘이 느껴지게 한다.
1653	Spider's Magic Lantern
1654	A lantern woven from spiderwebs that captured the moonlight on Samhain night. In the light it emits, the path forward becomes clear.
1655	NPC Vertrag's Brutal Axe
1656	An axe that Vertrag uses in battle. It's made of sturdy materials, meant to stand up to the strongest swings.
1687	Soul Liberator Axe
1688	An axe imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1689	Soul Liberator Greataxe
1690	A greataxe imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1699	Soul Liberator Guard Cylinder
1700	A guard cylinder imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1701	Soul Liberator Cylinder
1702	A cylinder imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1703	쥬얼 모나크 보우
1704	쥬얼 모나크 롱 블레이드
1705	보석 장식 부채
1706	칙령이 담긴 두루마리
1707	보석으로 화려하게 장식된 활. 군주의 기품과 위엄이 느껴지는 무기이다.
1708	보석으로 화려하게 장식된 롱 블레이드. 군주의 기품과 위엄이 느껴지는 무기이다.
1709	보석으로 화려하게 장식된 부채. 군주의 기품과 위엄을 느낄 수 있다.
1710	군주의 칙령이 담긴 두루마리. 절대적인 명령이 담겨있는 두루마리이다.
1711	Sylvan Strider Sacred Grove Bow
1712	Sylvan Strider Sacred Grove Staff
1713	A bow wrought from ancient and hallowed wood. Replete with nature's blessings, it is a favored weapon of those who wander the forests, sworn to protect the wildlands.
1714	A staff wrought from ancient and hallowed wood. Replete with nature's blessings, it is a favored weapon of those who wander the forests, sworn to protect the wildlands.
1715	Soul Liberator Grimoire
1716	A spellbook imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1719	Soul Liberator Shuriken
1720	A shuriken imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1721	Soul Liberator Control Bars
1722	A pair of control bars imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through them can be released to explosive effect.
1723	Novice Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
1724	Beginner Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
1725	Intermediate Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
1726	Advanced Dungeoneer Support Chain Blade
1727	A Chain Blade modified for novices. The intricate fitting of its multi-sectioned blade increases its attack power.\n\n(Compatible with the Upgrade Stones sold in the Dungeon Guide Shop.) (Not eligible for Enchant Burning.) (Not tradable.)
1728	A Chain Blade modified for beginners. The intricate fitting of its multi-sectioned blade increases its attack power.\n\n(Compatible with the Upgrade Stones sold in the Dungeon Guide Shop.) (Not eligible for Enchant Burning.) (Not tradable.)
1729	A Chain Blade modified for intermediate players. The intricate fitting of its multi-sectioned blade increases its attack power.\n\n(Compatible with the Upgrade Stones sold in the Dungeon Guide Shop.) (Not eligible for Enchant Burning.) (Not tradable.)
1730	A Chain Blade modified for advanced players. The intricate fitting of its multi-sectioned blade increases its attack power.\n\n(Compatible with the Upgrade Stones sold in the Dungeon Guide Shop.) (Not eligible for Enchant Burning.) (Not tradable.)
1731	Soul Liberator Lyre
1732	A lyre imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1733	Voice of Mercy
1734	Words of Benevolence
1735	At times, circumstances may call for quick and courageous action in defense of another. It is Iolar's belief that, in such critical moments, the merciful voice of Lymilark will serve as her guide.\n\n<color=1>"Call unto me, and I will answer, revealing unto thee great and secret things, which thou knowest not."</color>
1736	Of all Lymilark's teachings, it is the emphasis on a heart attuned to loving and protecting others that most inspires Iolar. Day after day, she raises her shield that others may be spared from harm, spreading the teachings of Lymilark in word and in deed.\n\n<color=1>"For I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is the power of Lymilark to sustain all who believe."</color>
1737	Soul Liberator Orb
1738	An orb imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1741	Royal Society Scythe
1742	Royal Society Dual Guns
1743	An experimental scythe whose performance has been enhanced through the infusion of alchemical extracts and tinctures. The glowing liquid pumping through the blade has an undeniable aesthetic appeal.
1744	An experimental set of dual guns whose performance has been enhanced through the infusion of alchemical extracts and tinctures. The glow visible from within each of the chambers has an undeniable aesthetic appeal.
1745	Moonshadow Emissary's Scythe
1746	Duskveil Emissary's Scythe
1747	Frost Great Scythe
1748	A great scythe sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. While the netherworld's emissaries are not held to be reapers of souls, few would dispute their effectiveness in such a role, especially when wielding such an imposing weapon.
1749	A great scythe sometimes carried by the emissaries charged with escorting souls from this world to the next. While the netherworld's emissaries are not held to be reapers of souls, few would dispute their effectiveness in such a role, especially when wielding such an imposing weapon.
1750	A great scythe wielded by Iceborn Nobles to punish those who venture into their domain with evil intentions.
1751	Serene Imp Snowglobe
1752	A snowglobe that contains a statue of an imp looking uncharacteristically serene. The sparkling snow is quite beautiful.
1755	Soul Liberation Chain Blade
1756	A chain blade imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1757	Soul Liberator Knuckles
1758	Soul Liberator Shield
1759	Soul Liberator Greatshield
1760	A pair of knuckles imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through them can be released to explosive effect.
1761	A medium shield imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1762	A greatshield imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1763	White Glow Stick
1764	Red Glow Stick
1765	Pink Glow Stick
1766	Yellow Glow Stick
1767	Green Glow Stick
1768	Blue Glow Stick
1769	Purple Glow Stick
1770	White Heart Glow Wand
1771	Red Heart Glow Wand
1772	Pink Heart Glow Wand
1773	Yellow Heart Glow Wand
1774	Green Heart Glow Wand
1775	Blue Heart Glow Wand
1776	Purple Heart Glow Wand
1777	White Music Note Glow Wand
1778	Red Music Note Glow Wand
1779	Pink Music Note Glow Wand
1780	Yellow Music Note Glow Wand
1781	Green Music Note Glow Wand
1782	Blue Music Note Glow Wand
1783	Purple Music Note Glow Wand
1784	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1785	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1786	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1787	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1788	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1789	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1790	A glow stick that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1791	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1792	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1793	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1794	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1795	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1796	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1797	A heart-shaped glow wand that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1798	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1799	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1800	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1801	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1802	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1803	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1804	A glow wand shaped like a music note that glows brilliantly at night. Be warned that this item only lasts for 2 hours after purchase. It will vanish automatically upon expiring.
1805	Three Scoop Ice Cream Cone
1806	A deluxe ice cream cone with three different flavors and a cherry on top. Better get eating or it's going to melt!
1807	Soul Liberator Wand
1808	Soul Liberator Dual Guns
1809	Soul Liberator Pierrot Marionette
1810	Soul Liberator Colossus Marionette
1811	Soul Liberator Healing Wand
1812	A wand imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1813	A pair of guns imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through them can be released to explosive effect.
1814	A pierrot marionette imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. When equipped, you will always summon this unique marionette. Using this puppet alongside special Control Bars will enable it to bring its full power to bear.
1815	A colossus marionette imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. When equipped, you will always summon this unique marionette. Using this puppet alongside special Control Bars will enable it to bring its full power to bear.
1816	A healing wand imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage. In skilled hands, the dynamic energies coursing through it can be released to explosive effect.
1817	Celtic Royal Knight Sword (Rental)
1818	Celtic Royal War Hammer (Rental)
1819	Celtic Royal Battle Axe (Rental)
1820	Celtic Ancient Bow (Rental)
1821	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Rental)
1822	Celtic Tribolt Wand (Rental)
1823	Celtic Tetra Cylinder (Rental)
1824	Celtic Control Bar (Rental)
1825	Celtic Triplicity Scythe (Rental)
1826	Celtic Errant Blade (Rental)
1827	Celtic Royal Warrior Hammer (Rental)
1828	Celtic Royal Warrior Axe (Rental)
1829	Celtic Druid Staff (Rental)
1830	Celtic Guardian Staff (Rental)
1831	Celtic Clashing Lance (Rental)
1832	Celtic Edged Knuckle (Rental)
1833	Celtic Dowra Ace (Rental)
1834	Celtic Throwing Star (Rental)
1835	Celtic Howling Chain Blade (Rental)
1836	A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1837	A one-handed blunt weapon fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Capable of impressive destructive power, it distinguishes itself from other hammers by its stable damage output.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1838	A powerful one-handed axe fashioned from a restored axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. The weight of its head and the sharpness of its edge make it easy to land cleaving blows, allowing it to shine on most battlefields.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1839	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1840	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1841	A wand said to have sprung from the wisdom of a goddess, blending fire, ice, and lightning magics within its core. Designed to empower bolt magic, it grants its wielder greater effectiveness in the casting of Firebolts, Icebolts, and Lightning Bolts when fully upgraded and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1842	A cylinder fashioned in the likeness of a similar implement possessed by a goddess. It greatly enhances the effects of elemental Alchemy skills.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1843	A pair of steel Control Bars fashioned in the likeness of those possessed by a goddess. The precision control they afford allows their wielder to render enemies helpless.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1844	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1845	A two-handed sword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1846	A two-handed hammer fashioned from a restored hammer said to have been wielded by a goddess in judgment of her foes. Despite its hulking size and the destructive power of which it is capable, both humans and Elves can wield it with ease.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1847	A two-handed axe fashioned from a restored great axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. Its broad, sharp double blades strike with unyielding force, inflicting great damage on foes. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1848	A staff born of the will of a goddess. Those who upgrade it will find themselves able to more effectively regulate their mana. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1849	A staff that reflects the generosity of a goddess, enabling the wielder to cast powerful magic attacks or support allies with the Party Healing skill. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1850	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1851	A pair of knuckles fashioned in the likeness of a pair possessed by a goddess. With thick, rigid metal plating on the outer hand and tipped with a sharp spike, they're capable of turning powerful punches into lethal blows.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1852	A pair of next-generation guns fashioned in the likeness of firearms possessed by a goddess. Based on the original Dowra SE, this model has been designed with a higher rate of fire, greater ammunition capacity, and more destructive power.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1853	A shuriken fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Spinning as it flashes through the air, its five sharpened points can slice enemies to ribbons.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1854	A Chain Blade fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Honed blades embedded in a durable chain render it capable of shredding enemies with whiplike reach and flexibility.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
1859	Flame Shield
1860	A special shield created through a unique crafting process. Its semi-transparent surface burns with an everlasting flame.
1861	고스트 펑크 컴뱃 사이드
1862	고스트펑크의 일원들이 다루는 대형 낫. 다양한 전술을 수행하기 위한 기계 구조 설계가 돋보인다.
1863	Vertrag's Knuckles (Not to be Distributed)
1864	Vertrag's Knuckles (Not to be Distributed)
1865	Classic Yule Candlestick
1866	Decorated Yule Candlestick
1867	A classic candlestick sure to light the frigid Yuletide season with warmth and cheer.
1868	A festive candlestick sure to light the frigid Yuletide season with warmth and cheer.
1869	프루츠 블러썸 원드
1870	스위트 오차드 롱소드
1871	프레시 레몬 스태프
1872	과일 꼬치 랜스
1873	과일 모양의 데코레이션이 인상적인 원드. 과일의 모양이 탐스러워 먹고싶어 진다.
1874	과일 컨셉의 롱소드. 손잡이에 있는 리본 장식과 끝에 달려 있는 사과가 인상적이다.
1875	레몬 가지를 활용한 스태프. 달려있는 레몬이 마법에 걸린 것 같다.
1876	과일들이 껴 있는 꼬치 형태의 랜스. 탐스러운 과일들을 보면 먹고 싶어진다.
1877	Low Durability Weeding Hoe
1878	A weeding hoe that Aine gave you, which looks like it's just about to fall apart. You'd better use it quick before a strong breeze breaks it...
1879	NPC Matthias's Lance
1880	NPC Matthias's Lance
1881	피어스 코브라 스틱(거래불가)
1882	커피 주전자(거래불가)
1883	요정의 비눗방울 도구(거래불가)
1884	코브라의 외형을 모티브로 만든 지팡이. 세련되고 우아한 외형이 시선을 사로잡는다.(거래불가)
1885	달콤한 라떼를 만들 수 있는 커피 주전자. 달콤하고 향이 좋은 커피를 음미해보자.(거래불가)
1886	비눗방울을 불기 위한 도구. 이 도구를 들고 비눗방울을 불면, 비눗방울 대신 요정의 가루가 흩날린다.(거래불가)
1887	Noble Golf Club Two-handed Axe
1888	Noble Golf Club Staff
1889	A fancy driver used in the game of golf, a pastime engaged in mainly by aristocrats and the well-to-do. Now, it's your turn to hit some balls!
1890	A fancy driver used in the game of golf, a pastime engaged in mainly by aristocrats and the well-to-do. Now, it's your turn to hit some balls!
1891	Hound of Winter's Enhanced Longbow
1892	Hound of Winter's Longbow
1893	Hound of Winter's Two-Handed Sword
1894	Hound of Winter's Crude Two-Handed Sword
1895	Hound of Winter's Enhanced Lance
1896	Hound of Winter's Lance
1897	Hound of Winter's Enhanced Shield
1898	Hound of Winter's Shield
1899	A longbow issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north, enhanced by its user. It fires true even in the strongest gale.
1900	A longbow issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north. It fires true even in the strongest gale.
1901	A two-handed sword issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north. It slices with all the power of a cutting winter wind.
1902	A crudely-repaired version of a two-handed sword issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north. Despite the damage, it slices with all the power of a cutting winter wind.
1903	A lance issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north, enhanced by its user. With steel as cold as winter itself, the sight of it makes enemies tremble.
1904	A lance issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north. With steel as cold as winter itself, the sight of it makes enemies tremble.
1905	A shield issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north, enhanced by its user. It is made to stand strong against any attack.
1906	A shield issued to one of the warriors of the frigid north. It is made to stand strong against any attack.
1909	Basketball
1910	Flame Decal Basketball
1911	Soccer Ball
1912	Pro Match Soccer Ball
1913	A ball used for playing basketball. Show off your baller skills with it. Swish!
1914	A ball used for playing basketball. Show off your baller skills with it. Swish!
1915	A ball used for playing soccer. Show off your fancy footwork with it. Goal!
1916	A ball used for playing soccer. Show off your fancy footwork with it. Goal!
1917	Chocolate Cookie Cat
1918	White Day Cookie Puppy Doll
1919	This scrumptious and adorable chocolate cookie cat was created for Valentine's Day. It might just be too cute to eat, but it's perfect to wrap both your arms around.
1920	This cookie puppy doll, looking both adorable and scrumptious, was created to commemorate White Day. It's cute enough that you'd feel bad eating it, but thankfully, you can wrap your arms around it for a sweet hug.
1923	Eternal Fulgur Arrow
1924	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
1925	프루츠 블러썸 원드
1926	과일 모양의 데코레이션이 인상적인 원드. 과일의 모양이 탐스러워 먹고싶어 진다.
1935	Lightning Lance
1936	Lightning Shield
1937	A lance infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
1938	A shield infused with the crackling energy of a thunderbolt. Its stately design cradles an undulating ball of condensed lightning.
1939	Lightning Lantern
1940	A lantern-like apparatus designed to contain a perpetually crackling ball of lightning. Even from within the sealed glass tube, the electric charge makes the hairs on your arm stand on end.
1941	Ornate Green Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Sword
1942	Ornate Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Sword
1943	Ornate Green Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Axe
1944	Ornate Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Axe
1945	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
1946	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
1947	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
1948	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
1949	New Semester Freshman General Ed Textbook and Tablet PC
1950	New Semester Club Application Form
1951	A textbook filled with information on the sorts of general curriculum all students have to study as part of their university education. You can organize all your notes (or just get distracted by the internet) with your tablet PC.
1952	A standardized application form students fill out to express their interest in joining one of the university's clubs. Don't be daunted by all the fields you need to fill out--most people do it at some point.
1953	Ornate Blue Dragon One-handed Sword
1954	Ornate Rakshasa One-handed Sword
1955	Wanderer's Pipe Wand
1956	Rakshasa Pipe Wand
1957	Wanderer's Pipe Staff
1958	Rakshasa Pipe Staff
1959	A legendary blade keen enough to break any bonds, even those of life and death. Spectral blacksmiths labored over its creation for many months.
1960	A legendary blade keen enough to break any bonds, even those of life and death. Spectral blacksmiths labored over its creation for many months.
1961	A smoking pipe wand carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
1962	A smoking pipe wand carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
1963	A smoking pipe staff carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
1964	A smoking pipe staff carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
1965	네온 블러썸 어쌔신 소드
1966	상급 어쌔신을 위해 특수 제작된 소드. 어둠 속에서 빛나는 매화 무늬가 눈길을 사로잡는다.
1967	Ethereal Angel Long Bow
1968	Ethereal Devil Scythe
1969	A long bow made for the performance of a great celestial dance. With the brightness of its divine power, you could light up new stars in the firmament.
1970	A scythe made for the performance of a great celestial dance. With the darkness of its divine power, you could strike down every star in the firmament.
1971	로얄 소사이어티 사이드
1972	로얄 소사이어티 대낫 양손 도끼
1973	왕립학회에서 포션을 활용하여 강화시킨 대형 낫. 밤에 빛나는 포션이 칼날까지 흐르며, 아름다움을 더해준다.
1974	왕립학회에서 포션을 활용하여 강화시킨 대형 도끼 낫. 밤에 빛나는 포션이 칼날까지 흐르며, 아름다움을 더해준다.
1975	로얄 소사이어티 양손 망치
1976	왕립학회에서 포션을 활용하여 강화시킨 거대한 양손 망치. 단단한 광석으로 적을 후려칠 때마다 쾌감이 느껴진다.
1977	로얄 소사이어티 아틀라틀
1978	자벨린을 힘차게 던지기 위한 도구. 힐웬을 연구하는 엔지니어가 만든 것으로, 매우 튼튼해 보인다.
1979	Perseus Steeled Sword (Rental)
1980	Perseus Brutal War Hammer (Rental)
1981	Perseus Voiceless Bow
1982	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
1983	Perseus Arcane Wand
1984	Perseus Tyrannus Cylinder (Rental)
1985	Perseus Conflict Control Bars (Rental)
1986	Perseus Monumental Blade
1987	Perseus Cleaving Warrior Axe
1988	Perseus Mystic Staff
1989	Perseus Tempestuous Lance
1990	Perseus Tormented Knuckles (Rental)
1991	Perseus Thundering Dual Guns (Rental)
1992	Perseus Swift Shuriken (Rental)
1993	Perseus Rending Chain Blade (Rental)
1994	Perseus Vigilant Shield
1995	A sword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
1996	A hammer containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
1997	A bow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
1998	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
1999	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
2000	A cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Dramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2001	A pair of control bars containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Once a puppeteer grows accustomed to the discomfort of manipulating these bars, they will be rewarded with a marked improvement in the performance of their marionette, which will show itself to be as ruthless as it is flamboyant.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2002	A greatsword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2003	A greataxe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2004	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2005	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
2006	A pair of knuckles containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Through amplifying the wielder's aggression, they draw out latent combat ability, allowing a martial artist to exceed his or her physical limits.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2007	A pair of guns containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from them like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2008	A shuriken containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2009	A chain blade containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2010	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
2015	Blue Dragon One-handed Sword
2016	Rakshasa One-handed Sword
2017	Green Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Sword
2018	Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Sword
2019	Green Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Axe
2020	Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Two-handed Axe
2021	A legendary blade keen enough to break any bonds, even those of life and death. Spectral blacksmiths labored over its creation for many months.
2022	A legendary blade keen enough to break any bonds, even those of life and death. Spectral blacksmiths labored over its creation for many months.
2023	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2024	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2025	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2026	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2033	Nightbringer Spearhead Lance
2034	Celtic Clashing Lance
2035	Celtic Clashing Lance
2036	Perseus Tempestuous Lance
2037	Celtic Clashing Lance (PC Cafe)
2038	Celtic Clashing Lance (Rental)
2039	Soul Liberator Lance
2040	Celtic Clashing Lance (Rental)
2041	Celtic Clashing Lance (Rental)
2042	Perseus Tempestuous Lance
2043	A Lance crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2044	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.
2045	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
2046	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2047	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n\nThis is a special weapon that can be rented from Shy in each town, and can only be used while in a PC Cafe. It will disappear when you log out. You can destroy it if you don't need it. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
2048	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
2049	A lance with transcendent power, enough to liberate souls in bondage. Power emanates from it, affecting all who are near it. In the right hands, its potential is explosive.
2050	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\n\n(Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, have its Erg transferred or Erg level raised, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
2051	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
2052	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
2053	Acro Tech Dual Guns
2054	A pair of handguns created using the latest technology and ballistics research. These guns are embedded with a verification nodule granting the wielder access to a futuristic levicycle.
2055	Lance of Blossoming Memories
2056	Demonic Oculus Lance (PC Cafe)
2057	Demonic Oculus Lance (Rental)
2058	A lance imbued with the warmth of Blaanid's caring heart.\nFashioned with a Forget-me-not motif that reminds you of Blaanid.\n(Cannot be upgraded, enchanted, reforged, or traded)
2059	A lance refined by the power of darkness. The vamplate is crafted from red scales.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range.\n\nThis is a special weapon that can be rented from Shy in each town, and can only be used while in a PC Cafe. It will disappear when you log out. You can destroy it if you don't need it. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
2060	A lance refined by the power of darkness. The vamplate is crafted from red scales.\n\nWhile lances excel at attacking enemies at a distance, only those who have truly mastered the art of lance combat can use them at close range. (Cannot be dyed, enchanted, reforged, upgraded, gifted to a partner, made into a Spirit Weapon, have its enchants extracted, or receive the effect of a Trade Unlock Potion.)
2061	Acro Tech Railgun Crossbow
2062	A railgun sized for individual use, created using the latest technology and ballistics research. It possesses a destructive power far higher than its size would suggest.
2063	Perseus Voiceless Bow (Rental)
2064	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow (Rental)
2065	Perseus Arcane Wand (Rental)
2066	Perseus Monumental Blade (Rental)
2067	Perseus Cleaving Warrior Axe (Rental)
2068	Perseus Mystic Staff (Rental)
2069	Perseus Tempestuous Lance (Rental)
2070	Perseus Tempestuous Lance (Rental)
2071	Perseus Vigilant Shield (Rental)
2072	A bow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2073	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, talk to the NPC you rented it from.
2074	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2075	A greatsword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2076	A greataxe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2077	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2078	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2079	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2080	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2081	Twilight Fairy Wand
2082	A wand imbued with fae energy that beckons the onset of night. It is said to confer the blessing of the dark upon its bearer.
2083	NPC Matthias's Lance
2084	NPC Matthias's Lance
2085	Twilight Fairy Staff
2086	A staff imbued with fae energy that beckons the onset of night. It is said to confer the blessing of the dark upon its bearer.
2087	Lumina Star Electric Guitar
2088	Lumina Star Wireless Microphone
2089	Lumina Star Piano
2090	An electric guitar custom made for the beloved Lumina Star idol group. Its ornamental flourishes take the shape of bright stars, while the ribbon on the neck adds a delicate touch for the more sentimental songs.
2091	A compact microphone custom made for the beloved Lumina Star idol group, tuned to capture and amplify even the most delicate vocals. You must be equipped with a Microphone to sing at low Song skill ranks. However, you will be able to sing without a Microphone once you become a better singer.
2092	A compact grand piano festooned with an equally grand ribbon. Its size makes it easier to move, as well as to fit into venues of any size. Granted, idol dance routines are difficult to perform at a piano, but the great sound you get might be worth remaining seated.\n\nRight-click and press 'Use' to place or remove the Piano.
2103	이시리얼 데빌 사이드
2104	이시리얼 데빌 낫 양손 도끼
2105	신비로운 악마의 힘이 담긴 대형 낫. 낫에는 신성한 기운이 느껴진다.
2106	신비로운 악마의 힘이 담긴 대형 낫. 낫에는 신성한 기운이 느껴진다.
2119	Infinite Fulgur Arrow
2120	Cruel Fulgur Arrow
2121	Innocent Fulgur Arrow
2122	Emperor Fulgur Arrow
2123	Evil Angel Fulgur Arrow
2124	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
2125	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
2126	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
2127	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
2128	Arrows imbued with pure lightning-elemental energy. Surges of electricity crackle up and down their shafts.
2129	Twilight Fairy Crossbow
2130	Twilight Fairy Shuriken
2131	Twilight Fairy Guard Cylinder
2132	A crossbow imbued with fae energy that beckons the onset of night. It is said to confer the blessing of the dark upon its bearer.
2133	A shuriken imbued with fae energy that beckons the onset of night. It is said to confer the blessing of the dark upon its bearer.
2134	A guard cylinder imbued with fae energy that beckons the onset of night. It is said to confer the blessing of the dark upon its bearer.
2135	Acro Tech Railgun Bow
2136	Acro Tech Digi-Kitty Doll
2137	A railgun sized for individual use, created using the latest technology and ballistics research. It possesses a destructive power far higher than its size would suggest.
2138	A high-tech doll shaped like a cute kitty, with a screen-face capable of displaying a variety of emotive expressions. In spite of its whimsical design, it's actually very knowledgeable and can answer queries on all sorts of topics.
2139	얼루어링 피폴 그리모어
2140	공작새의 깃털로 장식된 마도서. 아름다운 청록색으로 빛나는 보석에서 마법의 힘이 느껴진다.
2141	Soul Liberator Chain Blade
2142	A Chain Blade with transcendent power, enough to liberate souls in bondage. Power emanates from it, affecting all who are near it. In the right hands, its potential is explosive.
2143	Fergseus Steeled Sword
2144	Fergseus Brutal War Hammer
2145	Fergseus Voiceless Bow
2146	Fergseus Dynamic Crossbow
2147	Fergseus Arcane Wand
2148	Fergseus Tyrannus Cylinder
2149	Fergseus Conflict Control Bars
2150	Fergseus Peregrine Scythe
2151	Fergseus Monumental Blade
2152	Fergseus Cleaving Warrior Axe
2153	Fergseus Mystic Staff
2154	Fergseus Tempestuous Lance
2155	Fergseus Tempestuous Lance
2156	Fergseus Tormented Knuckles
2157	Fergseus Thundering Dual Guns
2158	Fergseus Swift Shuriken
2159	Fergseus Rending Chain Blade
2160	A one-handed sword that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Who needs a Perseus when you can have a Fergseus? My talents as a smith are as sharp as they've ever been!</color>"
2161	A one-handed hammer that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>It takes a hammer to MAKE a hammer, am I right? This marvel was shaped by the mightiest hammer in Uladh!</color>"
2162	A bow that has that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>I'm no carpenter, but I think it came out pretty nice, all things considered! Wood'll yield to a hammer as sure as iron.</color>"
2163	A crossbow that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Carpentry ain't exactly my forte, but if you need any work done on this, come on over and I'll get you sorted out.</color>"
2164	A wand that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Magic Crafting, eh? You know, they say that any sufficiently advanced hammerwork is indistinguishable from magic.</color>"
2165	A cylinder that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Wow, I can't believe I made a perfect tube! My smithing is so good, it's practically like transmutation!</color>"
2166	A pair of control bars that have withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>An example of my perfect control! I must've gotten lucky--good thing I read that copy of 'The World of Handicraft'.</color>"
2167	A scythe that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>I don't exactly have a lot of experience with Magic Craft. Good thing I chugged that Magic Craft Production Boost Potion before I started, haha!</color>"
2168	A greatsword that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>The greatest weapons are born from the hottest furnaces, just like the hardest trials forge us into stronger people.</color>"
2169	A great axe that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Any blacksmith worth their salt has to have the heart of an artisan potter, willing to risk breaking their creations in pursuit of perfection.</color>"
2170	A staff that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Magic Crafting is a little out of my realm of expertise, so count your lucky stars this turned out so nicely, haha!</color>"
2171	A lance that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Hey, who cleaned all the soot and sweat off my hammer?! Is it the same person who got their hands on my [Ferghus's Blacksmith Gloves]?</color>"
2172	A lance that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Hey, who cleaned all the soot and sweat off my hammer?! Is it the same person who got their hands on my [Ferghus's Blacksmith Gloves]?</color>"
2173	A pair of knuckles that have withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>I make it work when the chips are down. After all, blacksmithing is my specialty, hahaha!</color>"
2174	A pair of dual guns that have withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>You like guns, do you? Stop by my shop anytime and feast your eyes on the guns that made these guns! Hillwen Engineering ain't so tough!</color>"
2175	A shuriken that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>The most important thing is to keep going, even when your hand slips. If you're interested in smithing, consider that some free advice from me.</color>"
2176	A chain blade that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>A single strike of the hammer is sometimes all that stands between creation and destruction. The weight of a blacksmith's choices can be heavy indeed.</color>"
2181	Perseus Peregrine Scythe (Rental)
2182	Perseus Voiceless Arrows (Rental)
2183	Perseus Forbidden Spell Book (Rental)
2184	Perseus Arcturus Orb (Rental)
2185	A scythe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2186	An arrow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Use them with the Perseus Voiceless Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Perseus Voiceless Bow.\n\nAs this item is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2187	A spellbook containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2188	An orb containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud, but gazing into reveals only enigmas.\n\nAs this item is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2189	Fallen Pierrot Marionette (Rental)
2190	A marionette created recently, based on an incomplete sculpture fashioned by a certain 'fallen one'. Not only is it a splendid reproduction of the original's form, its performance is nothing to scoff at, either. When equipped, you will always summon this unique marionette. Using this puppet alongside specific control bars will enable it to bring its full power to bear.\n\nAs this item is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2191	Perseus Tyrannus Guard Cylinder (Rental)
2192	A guard cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Advances in cylinder manufacture allow alchemy crystals to be stored in the outer casing of this guard cylinder, enabling alchemical effects to be produced with stunning alacrity.\n\nAs this item is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2193	Punk Rocker Heavy Metal Electric Guitar
2194	An electric guitar built with the heft to be a functional axe, allowing you to slay on the battlefield just like you do on stage.
2195	Punk Rocker Combat Knife
2196	Punk Rocker Master of Puppets Control Bars
2197	Punk Rocker Studded Knuckles
2198	Punk Rocker Greatest Hits Vinyl Shield
2199	A knife large enough to make anyone think twice before engaging you in combat. Show them you can can shred with or without a guitar in hand.
2200	A pair of control bars ringed with sharp spikes, yet still capable of precise movements. Now, you'll be the one pulling the strings!
2201	A pair knuckles fitted with studs and other metal decorations. With each punch, you'll be fighting for your right to party.
2202	An oversized vinyl record containing a thoughtfully curated selection of favorite songs. Far more durable than its looks might suggest, it is capable of absorbing a wide variety of "greatest hits."
2203	Strawberry Parfait Cylinder
2204	A cylinder that's charmingly decorated as a strawberry parfait! With the sight of fresh strawberries and sweet, fluffy cream, you might be feeling a bit hungry by the end of your next dungeon run.
2205	Water Fight Dual Guns
2206	A set of dual water guns, ready for action! They're the perfect way to stay cool and antagonize your friends in the sweltering summer heat. If you can't go to the beach, bring the beach to you!
2209	Fergseus Forbidden Spell Book
2210	A spellbook that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>If you can handle a hammer so amazingly that it's practically LIKE magic, that's pretty much Magic Crafting, ain't it?</color>"
2211	Fergseus Voiceless Arrows
2212	Fergseus Arcturus Orb
2213	Arrows that have withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Gazing at the moonlight reflected on my hammer, I can learn crafting secrets that no one else in Erinn knows.</color>"
2214	An orb that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>I finished making this before I ran out of that mulled wine Caitin's mother brought me, so everything worked out.</color>"
2215	Fergseus Tyrannus Guard Cylinder
2216	A guard cylinder that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>The power of alchemy with the defense of a shield? Why didn't I think of that first?</color>"
2247	Nightbringer Savior Healing Wand
2248	A Healing Wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2249	Nightbringer Raider Axe
2250	A One-handed Axe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2257	Nightbringer Assault Sword
2258	Perseus Steeled Sword
2259	Nightbringer Enforcer Hammer
2260	Perseus Brutal War Hammer
2261	Nightbringer Raider Axe
2262	Nightbringer Predator Bow
2263	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow
2264	Perseus Voiceless Bow
2265	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
2266	Nightbringer Elementalist Wand
2267	Perseus Arcane Wand
2268	Nightbringer Technician Cylinder
2269	Perseus Tyrannus Cylinder
2270	Nightbringer Trickster Control Bars
2271	Perseus Conflict Control Bars
2272	Nightbringer Observer Scythe
2273	Perseus Peregrine Scythe
2274	Nightbringer Warlord Greatsword
2275	Perseus Monumental Blade
2276	Nightbringer Berserker Greataxe
2277	Perseus Cleaving Warrior Axe
2278	Nightbringer Inquisitor Staff
2279	Perseus Mystic Staff
2280	Nightbringer Spearhead Lance
2281	Perseus Tempestuous Lance
2282	Nightbringer Vagabond Knuckles
2283	Perseus Tormented Knuckles
2284	Nightbringer Vanquisher Dual Guns
2285	Perseus Thundering Dual Guns
2286	Nightbringer Infiltrator Shuriken
2287	Perseus Swift Shuriken
2288	Nightbringer Wraith Chain Blade
2289	Perseus Rending Chain Blade
2290	Nightbringer Vanguard Shield
2291	Perseus Vigilant Shield
2292	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
2293	Perseus Voiceless Arrows
2294	Nightbringer Prophet Grimoire
2295	Perseus Forbidden Spell Book
2296	Perseus Tyrannus Guard Cylinder
2297	Nightbringer Vega Orb
2298	Perseus Arcturus Orb
2299	Nightbringer Savior Healing Wand
2300	A sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2301	A sword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2302	A hammer crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2303	A hammer containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2304	An axe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2305	A bow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2306	A crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2307	A bow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2308	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2309	A wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2310	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2311	A cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve. Dramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
2312	A cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Dramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
2313	A pair of control bars crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from them, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2314	A pair of control bars containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Once a puppeteer grows accustomed to the discomfort of manipulating these bars, they will be rewarded with a marked improvement in the performance of their marionette, which will show itself to be as ruthless as it is flamboyant.
2315	A scythe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2316	A scythe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2317	A greatsword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2318	A greatsword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2319	A greataxe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2320	A greataxe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2321	A staff crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2322	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2323	A lance crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2324	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2325	A pair of knuckles crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from them, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2326	A pair of knuckles containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Through amplifying the wielder's aggression, they draw out latent combat ability, allowing a martial artist to exceed his or her physical limits.
2327	A pair of dual guns crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from them, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve. Shots from these guns deliver a powerful impact capable of knocking back foes with 3 hits.
2328	A pair of guns containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from them like a stormcloud.
2329	A shuriken crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2330	A shuriken containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2331	A chain blade crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2332	A chain blade containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2333	A shield crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2334	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2335	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness. Use them with the Nightbringer Predator Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\n\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Nightbringer Predator.
2336	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Use them with the Perseus Voiceless Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\n\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Perseus Voiceless Bow.
2337	A spellbook crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2338	A spellbook containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2339	A guard cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Advances in cylinder manufacture allow alchemy crystals to be stored in the outer casing of this guard cylinder, enabling alchemical effects to be produced with stunning alacrity.
2340	An orb crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2341	An orb containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud, but gazing into it reveals only enigmas.
2342	A healing wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2343	Celtic Royal Knight Sword
2344	A sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.
2345	Celtic Royal War Hammer
2346	Celtic War Hammer
2347	Celtic Royal Battle Axe
2348	Celtic Battle Axe
2349	Celtic Ancient Bow
2350	Celtic Royal Crossbow
2351	Celtic Crossbow
2352	Celtic Tribolt Wand
2353	Celtic Tetra Cylinder
2354	Celtic Control Bars
2355	Celtic Errant Blade
2356	Celtic Royal Warrior Hammer
2357	Celtic Warrior Hammer
2358	Celtic Royal Warrior Axe
2359	Celtic Warrior Axe
2360	Celtic Druid Staff
2361	Celtic Guardian Staff
2362	Celtic Clashing Lance
2363	Celtic Edged Knuckles
2364	Celtic Dowra Aces
2365	Celtic Throwing Star
2366	Celtic Howling Chain Blade
2367	A hammer fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Capable of impressive destructive power, it distinguishes itself from other hammers by its stable damage output.
2368	A hammer fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Light yet sturdy, it affords its wielder a faster rate of attack than one would expect for a hammer.
2369	An axe fashioned from a restored axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. The weight of its head and the sharpness of its edge make it easy to land cleaving blows, allowing it to shine on most battlefields.
2370	An axe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Exceedingly sturdy and well-made, it is capable of dealing punishing blows.
2371	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.
2372	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.
2373	A crossbow said to be imbued with the breath of a goddess. Its excellent balance affords an archer the time to carefully aim each shot.
2374	A wand said to have sprung from the wisdom of a goddess, blending fire, ice, and lightning magics within its core. Designed to empower bolt magic, it grants its wielder greater effectiveness in the casting of Firebolts, Icebolts, and Lightning Bolts when fully upgraded and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2375	A cylinder fashioned in the likeness of a similar implement possessed by a goddess. It greatly enhances the effects of elemental Alchemy skills.
2376	A pair of steel control bars fashioned in the likeness of those possessed by a goddess. The precision control they afford allows their wielder to render enemies helpless.
2377	A greatsword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.
2378	A greathammer fashioned from a restored war maul said to have been wielded by a goddess in judgment of her foes. Despite its hulking size and the destructive power of which it is capable, both humans and Elves can wield it with ease.
2379	A greathammer fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2380	A greataxe fashioned from a restored battle axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. Its broad, sharp double blades strike with unyielding force, inflicting great damage on foes. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2381	A greataxe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Its broad, curved edge can cleave through the toughest targets. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2382	A staff born of the will of a goddess. Those who upgrade it will find themselves able to more effectively regulate their mana. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2383	A staff that reflects the generosity of a goddess, enabling the wielder to cast powerful magic attacks or support allies with the Party Healing skill. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2384	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.
2385	A pair of knuckles fashioned in the likeness of a pair possessed by a goddess. With thick, rigid metal plating on the outer hand and tipped with a sharp spike, they're capable of turning powerful punches into lethal blows.
2386	A pair of next-generation guns fashioned in the likeness of firearms possessed by a goddess. Based on the original Dowra SE, this model has been designed with a higher rate of fire, greater ammunition capacity, and more destructive power.
2387	A shuriken fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Spinning as it flashes through the air, its five sharpened points can slice enemies to ribbons.
2388	A chain blade fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Honed blades embedded in a durable chain render it capable of shredding enemies with whiplike reach and flexibility.
2389	Fergseus Vigilant Shield
2390	A shield that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>Blacksmiths need one hand for a hammer and their other hand to hold blacksmithing manuals, but if I had a THIRD hand, I'd probably hold a shield.</color>"
2391	불꽃 방패
2392	특별한 제작법을 통해 만들어진 특별한 방패. 반투명한 형태에 꺼지지 않는 불꽃이 휘감겨 있다.
2393	Toy Shyllien Wand
2394	Toy Mining Drill
2395	A Blasted Oak Wand with a cute look that is popular amongst Elf kids. Surprisingly, you can actually use it to extract Shyllien.
2396	A Mining Drill with a cute look that is popular amongst Giant kids. Surprisingly, you can actually use it to mine solid Hillwen Ore.
2397	Keeper of Secrets Bow
2398	Steward of Secrets Bow
2405	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2406	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2413	Wiggle-Giggle Bubbler
2414	Dark Riftbreakers
2415	A cylinder that Taise uses. According to Taise, it can wiggle-giggle elemental energy to do some impressive bubble-trouble.
2416	A matched pair of handguns wielded by Micheil. Apparently, the name was inspired by the vacuum created by bullets as they travel through the air. He probably wouldn't answer if you tried to ask him for a more detailed explanation.
2417	Festive Eastern Lantern Staff
2418	A staff whose design takes inspiration from the rows of hanging lanterns that illuminate thoroughfares and pathways during festivals. Carrying it, you feel as though you could lead a mysterious procession.
2419	Nightbringer Assault Sword (Event)
2420	Perseus Steeled Sword (Event)
2421	Celtic Royal Knight Sword (Event)
2422	Nightbringer Enforcer Hammer (Event)
2423	Perseus Brutal War Hammer (Event)
2424	Celtic Royal War Hammer (Event)
2425	Celtic War Hammer (Event)
2426	Celtic Royal Battle Axe (Event)
2427	Celtic Battle Axe (Event)
2428	Nightbringer Predator Bow (Event)
2429	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow (Event)
2430	Perseus Voiceless Bow (Event)
2431	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow (Event)
2432	Celtic Ancient Bow (Event)
2433	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Event)
2434	Celtic Crossbow (Event)
2435	Nightbringer Elementalist Wand (Event)
2436	Perseus Arcane Wand (Event)
2437	Celtic Tribolt Wand (Event)
2438	Nightbringer Technician Cylinder (Event)
2439	Perseus Tyrannus Cylinder (Event)
2440	Celtic Tetra Cylinder (Event)
2441	Nightbringer Trickster Control Bars (Event)
2442	Perseus Conflict Control Bars (Event)
2443	Celtic Control Bar (Event)
2444	Celtic Triplicity Scythe (Event)
2445	Nightbringer Observer Scythe (Event)
2446	Perseus Peregrine Scythe (Event)
2447	Nightbringer Warlord Greatsword (Event)
2448	Celtic Errant Blade (Event)
2449	Perseus Monumental Blade (Event)
2450	Celtic Royal Warrior Hammer (Event)
2451	Celtic Warrior Hammer (Event)
2452	Nightbringer Berserker Greataxe (Event)
2453	Perseus Cleaving Warrior Axe (Event)
2454	Celtic Royal Warrior Axe (Event)
2455	Celtic Warrior Axe (Event)
2456	Nightbringer Inquisitor Staff (Event)
2457	Celtic Guardian Staff (Event)
2458	Perseus Mystic Staff (Event)
2459	Celtic Druid Staff (Event)
2460	Nightbringer Spearhead Lance (Event)
2461	Perseus Tempestuous Lance (Event)
2462	Celtic Clashing Lance (Event)
2463	Nightbringer Vagabond Knuckles (Event)
2464	Perseus Tormented Knuckles (Event)
2465	Celtic Edged Knuckles (Event)
2466	Nightbringer Vanquisher Dual Guns (Event)
2467	Perseus Thundering Dual Guns (Event)
2468	Celtic Dowra Ace (Event)
2469	Nightbringer Infiltrator Shuriken (Event)
2470	Perseus Swift Shuriken (Event)
2471	Celtic Throwing Star (Event)
2472	Nightbringer Wraith Chain Blade (Event)
2473	Perseus Rending Chain Blade (Event)
2474	Celtic Howling Chain Blade (Event)
2475	Nightbringer Vanguard Shield (Event)
2476	Perseus Vigilant Shield (Event)
2477	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows (Event)
2478	Perseus Voiceless Arrow (Event)
2479	Nightbringer Prophet Grimoire (Event)
2480	Perseus Forbidden Spell Book (Event)
2481	Perseus Tyrannus Guard Cylinder (Event)
2482	Nightbringer Vega Orb (Event)
2483	Perseus Arcturus Orb (Event)
2484	A One-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2485	A sword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2486	A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.
2487	A One-handed Blunt Weapon crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2488	A hammer containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2489	A one-handed blunt weapon fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Capable of impressive destructive power, it distinguishes itself from other hammers by its stable damage output.
2490	A one-handed blunt weapon fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Light yet sturdy, it affords its wielder a faster rate of attack than one would expect for a hammer.
2491	A powerful one-handed axe fashioned from a restored axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. The weight of its head and the sharpness of its edge make it easy to land cleaving blows, allowing it to shine on most battlefields.
2492	A one-handed axe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Exceedingly sturdy and well-made, it is capable of dealing punishing blows.
2493	A Bow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2494	A Crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2495	A bow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2496	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2497	A bow fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Great strength is needed to draw it, but each arrow loosed is driven by that same potent force.
2498	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.
2499	A crossbow said to be imbued with the breath of a goddess. Its excellent balance affords an archer the time to carefully aim each shot.
2500	A Wand crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2501	A wand containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2502	A wand said to have sprung from the wisdom of a goddess, blending fire, ice, and lightning magics within its core. Designed to empower bolt magic, it grants its wielder greater effectiveness in the casting of Firebolts, Icebolts, and Lightning Bolts when fully upgraded and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2503	A Cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.\nDramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
2504	A cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Dramatically increases the Alchemic effects of all elements.
2505	A cylinder fashioned in the likeness of a similar implement possessed by a goddess. It greatly enhances the effects of elemental Alchemy skills.
2506	A Control Bar crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2507	A pair of control bars containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Once a puppeteer grows accustomed to the discomfort of manipulating these bars, they will be rewarded with a marked improvement in the performance of their marionette, which will show itself to be as ruthless as it is flamboyant.
2508	A pair of steel Control Bars fashioned in the likeness of those possessed by a goddess. The precision control they afford allows their wielder to render enemies helpless.
2509	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.
2510	A scythe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2511	A scythe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2512	A Two-handed Sword crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2513	A two-handed sword fashioned in the likeness of one wielded by a goddess. Imbued with the power of an outstanding swordsman, its keen edge can cleave through foes.
2514	A greatsword containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2515	A two-handed hammer fashioned from a restored hammer said to have been wielded by a goddess in judgment of her foes. Despite its hulking size and the destructive power of which it is capable, both humans and Elves can wield it with ease.
2516	A two-handed hammer fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2517	A Two-handed Axe crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2518	A greataxe containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2519	A two-handed axe fashioned from a restored great axe said to have been wielded by a goddess. Its broad, sharp double blades strike with unyielding force, inflicting great damage on foes. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2520	A two-handed axe fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Its broad, curved edge can cleave through the toughest targets. Despite its hulking size, both humans and Elves can wield it.
2521	A Staff crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2522	A staff that reflects the generosity of a goddess, enabling the wielder to cast powerful magic attacks or support allies with the Party Healing skill. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2523	A staff containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2524	A staff born of the will of a goddess. Those who upgrade it will find themselves able to more effectively regulate their mana. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2525	A Lance crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2526	A lance containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2527	A lance fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. It has been imbued with an ancient power that resounds in the clangor of its blows.
2528	A Knuckle crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2529	A pair of knuckles containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Through amplifying the wielder's aggression, they draw out latent combat ability, allowing a martial artist to exceed his or her physical limits.
2530	A pair of knuckles fashioned in the likeness of a pair possessed by a goddess. With thick, rigid metal plating on the outer hand and tipped with a sharp spike, they're capable of turning powerful punches into lethal blows.
2531	Dual Guns crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from them, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve. It inflicts a powerful shock and knocks back enemies with 3 attacks.
2532	A pair of guns containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from them like a stormcloud.
2533	A pair of next-generation guns fashioned in the likeness of firearms possessed by a goddess. Based on the original Dowra SE, this model has been designed with a higher rate of fire, greater ammunition capacity, and more destructive power.
2534	A Shuriken crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2535	A shuriken containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2536	A shuriken fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Spinning as it flashes through the air, its five sharpened points can slice enemies to ribbons.
2537	A Chain Blade crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2538	A chain blade containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2539	A Chain Blade fashioned in the likeness of one possessed by a goddess. Honed blades embedded in a durable chain render it capable of shredding enemies with whiplike reach and flexibility.
2540	A Shield crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2541	A shield containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2542	A special arrow that, when touched, fills one with a chilling emptiness. Use them with the Nightbringer Predator Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Nightbringer Predator.
2543	An arrow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. Use them with the Perseus Voiceless Bow to loose deadly shots of magical energy.\nCannot be equipped with bows other than the Perseus Voiceless Bow.
2544	A Spell Book crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2545	A spellbook containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2546	A guard cylinder containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud. Advances in cylinder manufacture allow alchemy crystals to be stored in the outer casing of this guard cylinder, enabling alchemical effects to be produced with stunning alacrity.
2547	An orb crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2548	An orb containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud, but gazing into reveals only enigmas.
2549	Lumina Star Wireless Microphone
2550	A compact microphone custom made for the beloved Lumina Star idol group, tuned to capture and amplify even the most delicate vocals. You must be equipped with a Microphone to sing at low Song skill ranks. However, you will be able to sing without a Microphone once you become a better singer.
2551	Giant Pinwheel Greatsword
2552	A whimsical greatsword fashioned in the form of a giant pinwheel, spinning with the simple dreams of one's childhood. Each swing seems to conjure a fresh gust of wind, overwhelming foes.
2567	Celtic Triplicity Scythe
2568	A scythe said to be imbued with the cold indifference of a goddess. It is said to possess immense potential, but how much of it can be brought to bear depends on the skill of the wielder.
2571	Celtic Royal Knight Sword (Remy Rental)
2572	(Rarity) A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.\n\nAs this item is a rental weapon from Remy, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. (Not tradable)
2573	Keeper of Secrets Staff
2574	Steward of Secrets Staff
2575	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2576	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2577	Recorder Wand
2578	A magic wand made in the form of a recorder, many children's first step on the road to a lifetime of musical mastery. Indeed, many say that music is its own kind of magic.
2579	Fallen Pierrot Marionette
2580	A marionette created recently, based on an incomplete sculpture fashioned by a certain 'fallen one'. Not only is it a splendid reproduction of the original's form, its performance is nothing to scoff at, either. When equipped, you will always summon this unique marionette. Using this puppet alongside specific control bars will enable it to bring its full power to bear.
2581	Ferghus-made Fallen Pierrot Marionette
2582	A pierrot marionette that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "<color=1>It takes a REAL man to love dolls.</color>"
2583	Festive Eastern Fireworks Lance
2584	A lance whose design draws upon the explosive display of festival fireworks. Sparks continuously crackle from its lit fuse, as though you might rocket into action at any moment.
2585	Keeper of Secrets Dual Guns
2586	Steward of Secrets Dual Guns
2587	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2588	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2589	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
2590	Perseus Voiceless Arrows
2591	Soul Liberator Eternal Arrows
2592	Soul Liberator Eternal Bolts
2593	Perseus Voiceless Arrows (Rental)
2594	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
2595	Perseus Voiceless Arrows
2596	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows (Event)
2597	Perseus Voiceless Arrow (Event)
2598	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness.
2599	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.
2600	Arrows imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage.
2601	Bolts imbued with a transcendent power capable of setting free souls in bondage.
2602	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.\n\nAs this item is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, speak with the NPC you rented it from.
2603	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness.
2604	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.
2605	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness.
2606	Arrows containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.
2607	Keeper of Secrets Greatsword
2608	Steward of Secrets Greatsword
2609	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2610	Born from ancient Celtic legends, this mighty weapon embodies both nature's generosity and wrath. The moment it touches your hand, a powerful vibration surges through it--as if responding to your very will.
2611	Nightbringer Huntsman Arrows
2612	Special arrows that, when touched, fill one with a chilling emptiness.
2613	Starline Asterism Scythe
2614	An ornate scythe whose blade has been polished and decorated to depict graceful shapes found in the patterns of stars. The light of the stars seems to gleam upon its surface.
2615	Fallen Pierrot Marionette (Event)
2616	A marionette created recently, based on an incomplete sculpture fashioned by a certain 'fallen one'. Not only is it a splendid reproduction of the original's form, its performance is nothing to scoff at, either. When equipped, you will always summon this unique marionette. Using this puppet alongside specific control bars will enable it to bring its full power to bear.
2617	Wonderland Card Suites Shuriken
2618	A shuriken that is, in reality, a hand of large playing cards held like a fan. Does one throw a single card at a time, or all of them? Perhaps in a topsy-turvy world, such questions need have no answer.
2619	Harmonious Magic Powder (Event)
2620	A powder used as a medium to imbue equipment with magical properties. It comes in a fancy bottle.
2621	고스트 펑크 컴뱃 사이드
2622	고스트펑크의 일원들이 다루는 대형 낫. 다양한 전술을 수행하기 위한 기계 구조 설계가 돋보인다.
2625	Ominous Crystal Ball
2626	A flawless crystalline orb said to imbued with the fell magic once brought to bear by an ancient demon lord. It is clasped by a hornlike frame that exudes a cruel and imposing aura.
2627	Blue Dragon Mandolin
2628	An ornate mandolin handcrafted in a style favored by the mysterious dragons of the East. The serpentine form of a blue dragon adorns the soundboard, lending the instrument a regal air.
2629	Lightning Lantern
2630	A lantern-like apparatus designed to contain a perpetually crackling ball of lightning. Even from within the sealed glass tube, the electric charge makes the hairs on your arm stand on end.
2633	다크 페어리 원드
2634	다크 페어리 스태프
2635	다크 페어리의 기운이 담긴 원드. 짙은 어둠과 축복의 기운이 함께 담긴 것 같다.
2636	다크 페어리의 기운이 담긴 스태프. 짙은 어둠과 축복의 기운이 함께 담긴 것 같다.
2647	Oblivion Kaiser Scythe
2648	Forbidden Tome
2649	A scythe said to have once been wielded by a legendary lord of the abyss, in whose hands each sweep of its serrated blade was said to shriek like a maddening wind.
2650	A tome long sealed away, said to hold part of a destructive spell powerful enough to bring about the end of the world.
2651	Oblivion Kaiser Halberd
2652	A polearm said to have once been wielded by a legendary lord of the abyss. The aura of emptiness that trails its blade bears the tingling chill of the void. Ancient scrolls warn that any soul pierced by it will be consigned to eternal oblivion.
2653	Wonderland Wand of Clubs
2654	Wonderland Wand of Hearts
2655	Wonderland White Rabbit Staff
2656	Wonderland March Hare Staff
2657	A fanciful wand in the shape of an impressively large key. Some say it unlocks the door to a whimsical world beyond the looking glass where all sorts of dreamlike tales play out.
2658	A fanciful wand in the shape of an impressively large key. Some say it unlocks the door to a whimsical world beyond the looking glass where all sorts of dreamlike tales play out.
2659	A fanciful staff filled with equal parts pomp and whimsy. Some say it will take its bearer "down the rabbit hole," but nobunny has figured out if it might be true.
2660	A fanciful staff filled with equal parts pomp and whimsy. Some say it will take its bearer "down the rabbit hole," but nobunny has figured out if it might be true.
2667	Primitive Stone Axe
2668	Juicy Barbecued Meat
2669	An axe crafted by knapping flint to a razor's edge, then binding it to a sturdy shaft with all-natural materials gathered in the forest. When you hold it, you can feel the raw energy of nature pulsing in your hand.
2670	A cartoonishly large hunk of meat, grilled to perfection. Mmm...so tasty! Equipping it allows your to strike a special pose.
2671	Perseus Dynamic Bolts
2672	Nightbringer Hawkeye Bolts
2673	Perseus Dynamic Bolts
2674	Nightbringer Hawkeye Bolts
2675	Bolts containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.
2676	Special bolts that emanate a faint but unmistakably ominous aura. Touching them fills one with a chilling emptiness.
2677	Bolts containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons.
2678	Special bolts that emanate a faint but unmistakably ominous aura. Touching them fills one with a chilling emptiness.
2679	Ornate Green Dragon Crescent Blade Lance
2680	Ornate Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Lance
2681	Green Dragon Crescent Blade Lance
2682	Blue Dragon Crescent Blade Lance
2683	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2684	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2685	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2686	A majestic crescent blade that's seen countless battlefields. Weighing in at 82 kati, even a single swing carries devastation beyond death.
2691	어묵 컵
2692	어묵이 담긴 컵. 뜨끈한 국물이 몸과 마음을 따뜻하게 해준다.
2693	Romantic Eastern Fireworks Lance
2694	A lance whose design draws upon the explosive display of festival fireworks. Sparks continuously crackle from its lit fuse, as though you might rocket into action at any moment.
2695	Romantic Eastern Lantern Staff
2696	A staff whose design takes inspiration from the rows of hanging lanterns that illuminate thoroughfares and pathways during festivals. Carrying it, you feel as though you could lead a mysterious procession.
2697	Demolition Breaker Bow
2698	Bow of Ruination
2699	Demolition Deepglow Staff
2700	Lord of Ruination Staff
2701	Demolition Breaker Arrows
2702	Arrows of Ruination
2703	A bow infused with the power to demolish whatever its arrows hit. Possessing excessive power in comparison to conventional bows, one would do well to show care in handling it.
2704	A bow made from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy. The act of drawing the bow also draws out that latent might, enabling a level of force far greater than its physical parameters would suggest.
2705	A staff imbued with the power to amplify magic, laying waste to all its wielder wishes to destroy. Possessing far greater power than most staves, one would do well to show care in its handling. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2706	A staff fashioned from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy. Using the staff as a conduit for your magic amplifies your spells with its fell energies. It has the power to call on all magic skills of the three elements and, when held, allows you to use the Meditation skill while running.
2707	Special arrows infused with the power to demolish whatever they hit.\n(Can be dyed)
2708	Special arrows made from refined minerals that emanate a strange and ominous energy.\n(Can be dyed)
2713	Primitive Stone Axe (Hammer)
2714	Juicy Barbecued Meat
2715	An axe crafted by knapping flint to a razor's edge, then binding it to a sturdy shaft with all-natural materials gathered in the forest. When you hold it, you can feel the raw energy of nature pulsing in your hand.
2716	A cartoonishly large hunk of meat, grilled to perfection. Mmm...so tasty! Equipping it allows your to strike a special pose.
2717	Wanderer's Pipe Greatsword
2718	A smoking pipe greatsword carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
2719	Rakshasa Pipe Greatsword
2720	A smoking pipe greatsword carried by one who crosses freely over the borders of life and death. In its smoke, the demise of many enemies has been foretold.
2749	Winter Snowbell Violin
2750	Winter Snowbell Mandolin
2751	Winter Snowbell Cello
2752	A violin fashioned in a winter motif, almost looking like it was taken straight from the pages of a fairy tale. A residual chill hangs over it, giving it a resonance that lends a crisp, clear tone to the music played upon it.
2753	A mandolin fashioned in a winter motif, almost looking like it was taken straight from the pages of a fairy tale. A residual chill hangs over it, giving it a resonance that lends a crisp, clear tone to the music played upon it.
2754	A cello fashioned in a winter motif, almost looking like it was taken straight from the pages of a fairy tale. A residual chill hangs over it, giving it a resonance that lends a crisp, clear tone to the music played upon it.\n\nRight-click and select 'Use' to take out the cello or put it away.
2763	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow
2764	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
2765	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
2766	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow (Rental)
2767	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow
2768	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow
2769	Nightbringer Rogue Crossbow (Event)
2770	Perseus Dynamic Crossbow (Event)
2771	A crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2772	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2773	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nThere's a message engraved on it.\n<color=1>I hope this aids your journey across Erinn.</color>
2774	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.\n\nAs this weapon is a rental, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this item from your inventory, talk to the NPC you rented it from.
2775	A crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2776	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2777	A crossbow crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2778	A crossbow containing a fragment of a great power that has crystallized over the course of eons. An aura of darkness emanates from it like a stormcloud.
2783	Nightbringer Moderator Guard Cylinder
2784	A guard cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2789	Primitive Stone Axe (Axe)
2790	An axe crafted by knapping flint to a razor's edge, then binding it to a sturdy shaft with all-natural materials gathered in the forest. When you hold it, you can feel the raw energy of nature pulsing in your hand.
2791	Nightbringer Moderator Guard Cylinder
2792	A guard cylinder crafted from crystallized Erg and adamantine. A faint but unmistakably ominous aura emanates from it, settling over you like the chill of a winter's eve.
2793	붕어빵 인형
2794	붕어빵 형태의 베개. 먹을 수 없다.
2803	PC방 켈틱 로열 크로스보우
2804	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Rental)
2805	Celtic Royal Crossbow
2806	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Rental)
2807	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Rental)
2808	Celtic Royal Crossbow
2809	Celtic Royal Crossbow (Event)
2810	여신의 위용을 기리며 만들었다고 하는 석궁. 아름답고 유연한 몸체로 강력한 힘을 발휘한다. 적을 꿰뚫는 단호함이 분노한 여신을 연상시킨다.\n\n각 마을에 위치한 NPC 샤이에게 대여할 수 있는 특별한 PC방 무기로, PC방에서만 장착이 가능하며 접속을 종료 시 사라진다. 필요하지 않다면, 파기할 수 있다. (전용 해제 포션 사용 불가, 파트너 선물 불가 , 염색 불가, 인챈트 불가, 인챈트 추출 불가, 세공 불가, 개조 불가, 정령 무기화 불가)
2811	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, or be made into a Spirit Weapon)
2812	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n\n<color=1>This weapon has been restored in Avon. (Not tradable)</color>
2813	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n\n(Cannot use Trade Unlock Potion, be gifted to partner, be dyed, be enchanted, extract enchants, be reforged, be upgraded, be made into a Spirit Weapon, transfer Erg, or advance Erg)
2814	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.\n\nAs this item is a rental weapon, you cannot perform any action that changes its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. To remove this weapon from your inventory, visit NPC Sasha.
2815	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.
2816	A crossbow fashioned with a dignity befitting a goddess. Elegant and powerful limbs flex to loose bolts that pierce even strong defenses, calling to mind the wrath of the divine.
2817	Fergseus Dynamic Crossbow
2818	A crossbow that has withstood Ferghus's zealous hammering. If anything seems off, it's probably just your imagination.\n\nA small engraving, legible only upon close inspection, reads, "Carpentry ain't exactly my forte, but if you need any work done on this, come on over and I'll get you sorted out.</color>"
2829	Celtic Royal Knight Sword (Remy Rental)
2831	(Rarity) A one-handed sword fashioned from a restored blade said to have been wielded by a goddess. Light in the hand and perfectly balanced, it is nevertheless capable of delivering powerful strikes. Wield one in each hand to experience their true potential.\n\nAs this item is a rental weapon from Remy, you cannot perform any action that would change its attributes, such as trading, enchanting, or upgrading it. (Not tradable)
2835	퍼거시우스 메커나이즈 볼트
2836	대여용 페러시우스 메커나이즈 볼트
2837	퍼거스의 투박한 망치질을 용케 견뎌내고 탄생한 볼트. 어딘가 부족해 보인다면 그것은 분명 기분 탓일 것이다.\n\n작은 글씨로 제작자의 각인이 새겨져 있다.\n<color=1>망치 끝에 걸린 달빛은 나에게 에린엔 존재하지 않던 제작법을 알려주지.</color>
2838	영겁의 시간 동안 응축된 거대한 힘의 파편을 담은 볼트.\n대여 전용이라 거래나 인챈트, 개조 등 무기를 변형시키는 모든 종류의 작업이 불가능하다. 파기는 대여한 NPC를 통해서만 가능하다.
2877	히트 비트 스쿨 바이시클 너클
2878	히트 비트 스쿨 큐트 바이시클 너클
2879	자전거를 타고 등교할 때 사용하는 너클. 멋진 자전거를 탈 수 있다.
2880	자전거를 타고 등교할 때 사용하는 너클. 멋진 자전거를 탈 수 있다.
2885	리코더 원드
2886	커다란 바람개비 양손 검
2887	동심이 담긴 멜로디가 깃든 리코더 형태의 원드. 마법에 아름다운 선율을 더해 보자.
2888	어릴 적 꿈꾸던 동심이 깃든 커다란 바람개비 형태의 양손 검. 휘두를 때마다 맑은 바람이 퍼지며 적들을 압도한다.
2931	번개구름 랜턴
2932	번개의 형상을 띈 랜턴. 유리관에 담긴 뇌운에서 강력한 번개의 힘이 느껴진다.
2949	Spring's Herald One-handed Sword
2950	A one-handed sword entwined in living vines for a sacred festival that heralds the arrival of spring.
2973	Festive Eastern Fireworks Lance
2974	A lance whose design draws upon the explosive display of festival fireworks. Sparks continuously crackle from its lit fuse, as though you might rocket into action at any moment.
2994	Spring's Herald Staff
2995	An elegant staff adorned with a large bellflower, made for a sacred festival that heralds the arrival of spring.
3096	판다 토이 카메라
3097	귀여운 판다 모양의 토이 카메라. 카메라를 들고 에린 명소를 돌아다니며 사진을 찍어 보자.
3098	고귀한 연꽃송이
3099	고귀하고 청결한 연꽃송이. 은은하고 달콤한 향기가 주변을 감싸는 것 같다.
